Terms of Usage
1.            Introduction and Acceptance
Please read these terms of use carefully before using Wuxiaworld.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “Wuxiaworld.com”). By accessing and/or using Wuxiaworld.com (other than to read these terms of use for the first time) you are agreeing to comply with these terms of use, which may change from time to time as set forth in section 16 below.  If you do not agree to be bound by these terms of use, do not access or use Wuxiaworld.com.
You agree that these Terms of Use are supported by good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which you hereby acknowledge. Such consideration includes, without limitation, your use of Wuxiaworld.com and the materials and information available on the same.
In addition to these Terms of Use, Wuxiaworld.com has established a Privacy Policy to explain how user information is collected and used by Wuxiaworld.com. A copy of this Privacy Policy can be found below and is incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. By accessing or using any of our Websites, you are signifying your acknowledgement and agreement to Wuxiaworld.com’s Privacy Policy.
2.            Intellectual Property
Wuxiaworld.com and included content (and any derivative works or enhancements of the same) including, but not limited to, all text, illustrations, files, images, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, information, content, materials, products, services, URLs, technology, documentation, and interactive features (collectively, the “Website Content”) and all intellectual property rights to the same are owned by us, our licensors, or both. Additionally, all trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress that may appear on our Websites are owned by us, our licensors, or both. You shall not acquire any right, title or interest in our Websites or any Website Content. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use are expressly reserved.
3.            Access and Use
1.            When accessing our Websites, including without limitation to the Website Content, you agree to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws including, without limitation copyright law. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, you may not use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works based upon, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, transmit, or otherwise exploit Website Content for any purpose whatsoever without obtaining prior written consent from us or, in the case of third-party content, its respective owner. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading or printing Website Content.
2.            Furthermore, except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, you may not:
1.            remove, alter, cover, or distort any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notice on Wuxiaworld.com or Website Content;
2.            circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of our Websites including, without limitation, any features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on the use of our Websites or Website Content;
3.            use an automatic device (such as a robot or spider) or manual process to copy or “scrape” our Websites or Website Content for any purpose without the express written permission of Wuxiaworld.com. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Wuxiaworld.com grants public search engine operators permission to use automatic devices (such as robots or spiders) to copy Website Content from our Websites for the sole purpose of creating (and only to the extent necessary to create) a searchable index of Website Content that is available to the public. Wuxiaworld.com reserves the right to revoke this permission (generally or specifically) at any time;
4.            collect or harvest any personally identifiable information from our Websites including, without limitation, user names, passwords, email addresses;
5.            solicit other users to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organization without our prior written approval;
6.            attempt to or interfere with the proper working of our Websites or impair, overburden, or disable the same;
7.            decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble any portion of any our Websites;
8.            use network-monitoring software to determine architecture of or extract usage data from any of our Websites;
9.            encourage conduct that violates any local, state or federal law, either civil or criminal, or impersonate another user, person, or entity (e.g., using another person’s Membership (as defined in Section B) without permission, etc.);
10.          engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying our Websites.
3.            You agree to cooperate fully with Wuxiaworld.com to investigate any suspected or actual activity that is in breach of these Terms of Use.
4.            User Registration
1.            In order to access or use some features of Wuxiaworld.com, you will have to become a registered user. If you are under the age of eighteen, then you are not permitted to register as a user or otherwise submit personal information to Wuxiaworld.com.
2.            If you become a registered user, you will provide true, accurate and complete registration information and, if such information changes, you will promptly update the relevant registration information. During registration, you will create a user name and password (a “Membership”), which may permit you access to certain areas of our Websites not available to non-registered users. You are responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of your Membership. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs under your Membership, whether or not you have authorized the activity. You agree to notify us immediately at https://www.wuxiaworld.com/contact/of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Membership.
5.            User Content
1.            We may now or in the future permit users to post, upload, transmit through, or otherwise make available on our Websites (collectively, “submit”) messages, templates, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments, sounds, music, videos, information, content, and/or other materials (“User Content”).
2.            You shall not submit any User Content protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, or other intellectual property or proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the respective right. You are solely liable for any damage resulting from your failure to obtain such permission or from any other harm resulting from User Content that you submit.
3.            You represent, warrant, and covenant that you will not submit any User Content that:
A. violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, including, but not limited to, any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any person or entity;
B. impersonates another or is unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane, pornographic, or otherwise objectionable;
C. encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law;
D. is an advertisement for goods or services or a solicitation of funds;
E. includes personal information such as messages which identify phone numbers, social security numbers, account numbers, addresses, or employer references;
F. contains a formula, instruction, or advice that could cause harm or injury; or 
G.is a chain letter of any kind.
Moreover, any conduct by a user that in our sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying our Websites will not be permitted.
4.            For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your User Content.  However, by submitting User Content to us, simultaneously with such posting you automatically grant, or warrant that the owner has expressly granted, to us a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, exclusive, fully sublicensable, and transferable right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works based upon (including, without limitation, translations), publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, and publish the User Content (in whole or in part) as we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate including, without limitation, (1) in connection with our business; and (2) in connection with the businesses of our successors, parents, subsidiaries, and their related companies. We may exercise this grant in any format, media or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such User Content. Furthermore, you also grant other users permission to access your User Content and to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works based upon, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, and publish your User Content for personal, non-commercial use as permitted by the functionality of any of our Websites and these Terms of Use.  For significant amounts of User Content or for User Content which generates significant revenue, we will contact you and discuss a revenue-sharing mechanism and/or sign a formal exclusive publishing contract with you.
5.            By submitting User Content, you also grant us the right, but not the obligation to use your biographical information including, without limitation, your name and geographical location in connection with broadcast, print, online, or other use or publication of your User Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you waive any and all claims you may now or later have in any jurisdiction to so-called “moral rights” or rights of “droit moral” with respect to the User Content. 
6.            We reserve the right to display advertisements in connection with your User Content and to use your User Content for advertising and promotional purposes. You acknowledge and agree that your User Content may be included on the websites and advertising networks of our distribution partners and third-party service providers (including their downstream users).
7.            We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor User Content. We have the right in our sole discretion and for any reason whatsoever to edit, refuse to post, remove, or disable access to any User Content.
8.            If you sign a separate agreement with us regarding User Content and its disposition, the terms in that agreement shall override the terms included here.
6.            Website Content & Third Party Links
1.            We provide our Websites and Website Content for entertainment purposes. You may not rely on any information and opinions expressed on any of our Websites for any other purpose. In all instances, it is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, or usefulness of Website Content. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on any Website Content.
2.            In many instances, Website Content will include content posted by a third-party or will represent the opinions and judgements of a third-party. We do not endorse, warrant and are not responsible for the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made on our Websites by anyone other than authorized employees or spokespersons while acting in their official capacities.
3.            If there is a dispute between persons accessing our Websites or between persons accessing our Websites and any third party, you understand and agree that we are under no obligation to become involved. If there is such a dispute, you hereby release Wuxiaworld.com and its officers, directors, employees, parents, partners, successors, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and their related companies from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature arising out of, relating to, or in any way connected with such dispute.
4.            Our Websites may contain links to other websites maintained by third parties. We do not operate or control, in any respect, or necessarily endorse the content found on these third-party websites. You assume sole responsibility for your use of third-party links. We are not responsible for any content posted on third-party websites or liable to you for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of your dealings with any third-party or their website.
7.            Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Wuxiaworld.com and its officers, directors, employees, parents, partners, successors, agents, distribution partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, and their related companies from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, obligations, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of, related to, or that may arise in connection with: (i) your access to or use of any of our Websites; (ii) User Content provided by you or through use of your Membership; (iii) any actual or alleged violation or breach by you of these Terms of Use; (iv) any actual or alleged breach of any representation, warranty, or covenant that you have made to us; or (v) your acts or omissions. You agree to cooperate fully with us in the defense of any claim that is the subject of your obligations hereunder.
8.            Disclaimers
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF OUR WEBSITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. OUR WEBSITES AND WEBSITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WUXIAWORLD.COM AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND THEIR RELATED COMPANIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY: (1) WARRANTIES THAT THE WEBSITES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (2) WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, SECURITY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS, OR INFORMATIONAL CONTENT OF THE WUXIAWORLD.COM; (3) WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (4) WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH ORADVERTISED ON OUR WEBSITES OR ACCESSED THROUGH ANY OF OUR WEBSITES; (5) WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITES; (6) WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITES WILL BE SECURE OR UNINTERRUPTED; AND (7) WARRANTIES THAT ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
9.            Limitation on Liability
1.            UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WUXIAWORLD.COM OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OR THEIR RELATED COMPANIES BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (EVEN IF WUXIAWORLD.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OURWEBSITES OR THESE TERMS OF USE. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH OUR WEBSITES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WEBSITE CONTENT IS TO STOP USING OUR WEBSITES. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF OUR WEBSITES OR ANY LINKS ON OUR WEBSITES, AS WELL AS BY REASON OF ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF OUR WEBSITES OR ANY LINKS ON OUR WEBSITES. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF ANY CONTENT POSTED BY A THIRD-PARTY OR CONDUCT OF A THIRD-PARTY ON OUR WEBSITES.
2.            NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF WUXIAWORLD.COM AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND THEIR RELATED COMPANIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE TOTAL PAYMENTS RECEIVED FROM YOU BY WUXIAWORLD.COM DURING THE PRECEDING TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD OR $100.FURTHERMORE, YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY OF OUR WEBSITES OR THESE TERMS OF USE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES; OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE PERMANENTLY BARRED.
3.            In some jurisdictions limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing limitations may not apply to you. These limitations shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law.
10.          Termination
1.            We reserve the right in our sole discretion and at any time to terminate or suspend your Membership and/or block your access to our Websites for any reason including, without limitation if you have failed to comply with the letter and spirit of these Terms of Use. You agree that Wuxiaworld.com shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination or suspension of your Membership or for blocking your access to our Websites.
2.            If you become a registered user, you may terminate your Membership at any time by going to Membership page and selecting the appropriate option.
3.            Any suspension or termination shall not affect your obligations to us under these Terms of Use. The provisions of these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive the suspension or termination of your Membership or these Terms of Use shall survive including, but not limited to the rights and licenses that you have granted hereunder, indemnities, releases, disclaimers, limitations on liability, provisions related to choice of law, dispute resolution, no class action, no trial by jury and all of the miscellaneous provisions in Section 17.
11.          Copyright Policy
1.            Wuxiaworld.com respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. In appropriate circumstances and at its sole discretion, Wuxiaworld.com may terminate and/or disable the Membership of users who it suspects to be infringers of the copyrights (or other intellectual property rights) of others. Additionally, in appropriate circumstances and in its sole discretion, Wuxiaworld.com may remove or disable access to material on any of its websites or hosted on its systems that may be infringing or the subject of infringing activity.
2.            If you are a copyright owner (or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner) and believe that your work’s copyright has been infringed, please report your notice of infringement to us by providing us with a written notification of claimed infringement that includes substantially the following:
A. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
B. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
C. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
D. Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted.
E. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
F. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We will investigate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the DMCA. Inquiries that do not follow this procedure may not receive a response.
12.          Choice of Law
These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Any action arising out of your use of the Website or these Terms and Conditions shall be brought in court located in Hong Kong.
13.          Dispute Resolution
In the Dispute Resolution Section only, “we” and “us” are used to refer to you and Wuxiaworld.com together.
1.            We each agree to first contact each other with any disputes and provide a written description of the problem, all relevant documents/information and the proposed resolution. You agree to contact us with disputes by contacting us at the address provided in these Terms of Use. We will contact you based on the contact information you have provided us.
2.            We each agree to finally settle all disputes (as defined and subject to any specific exceptions below) only by arbitration. In arbitration, there’s no judge or jury and review is limited. However, just as a court would, the arbitrator must honor the terms and limitations in the Terms of Use and can award the same damages and relief, including any attorney’s fees authorized by law. The arbitrator’s decision and award is final and binding, and judgement on the award may be entered in any court with jurisdiction. We each also agree as follows: 
A. “Disputes” are any claims or controversies against each other related in any way to our Websites, Website Content or these Terms of Use – this includes claims you bring against our employees, agents, affiliates or other representatives, and claims Wuxiaworld.com may bring against you.
B. If either of us wants to arbitrate a dispute, we agree to send written notice to the other providing a description of the dispute, previous efforts to resolve the dispute, all supporting documents/information, and the proposed resolution. We will send notice to you based on the contact information you have provided us, and we agree to make attempts to resolve the dispute. If we cannot resolve the dispute within forty-five (45) days of receipt of the notice to arbitrate, then we may submit the dispute to formal arbitration.
C. Unless we each agree otherwise, the Arbitration will be conducted by a single neutral arbitrator and will take place in Hong Kong. The laws that applies to these Terms of Use will also apply during the arbitration.
D. We each agree not to pursue arbitration on a classwide basis. We each agree that any arbitration will be solely between you and us (not brought on behalf of or together with another individual’s claim). If for any reason any court or arbitrator holds that this restriction is unconscionable or unenforceable, then our agreement to arbitrate doesn’t apply and the dispute must be brought in court.
E. We each are responsible for our respective costs relating to counsel, experts, and witnesses, as well as any other costs relating to the arbitration.
3.            No Class Actions
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES ON A CLASSWIDE BASIS; THAT IS, TO EITHER JOIN A CLAIM WITH THE CLAIM OF ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY, OR ASSERT A CLAIM IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY ON BEHALF OF ANYONE ELSE IN ANY LAWSUIT, ARBITRATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING.
15.          No Trial By Jury
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT, ARBITRATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING.
16.          Amendment; Additional Terms
1.            We reserve the right in our sole discretion and at any time and for any reason, to modify or discontinue any aspect or feature of our Websites or to modify these Terms of Use. In addition, we reserve the right to provide you with operating rules or additional terms that may govern your use of our Websites generally, unique parts of our Websites, or both (“Additional Terms”). Any Additional Terms that we may provide to you will be incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. To the extent any Additional Terms conflict with these Terms of Use, the Additional Terms will control.
2.            Modifications to these Terms of Use or Additional Terms will be effective immediately upon notice, either by posting on our Websites or by notification by email or conventional mail. It is your responsibility to review the Terms of Use and our Websites from time to time for any changes or Additional Terms. Your access and use of any our Websites following any modification of these Terms of Use or the provision of Additional Terms will signify your assent to and acceptance of the same. If you object to any subsequent revision to the Terms of Use or to any Additional Terms, you may terminate your Membership as provided in Section B herein or, if you do not have an Membership, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of our Websites.
17.          Miscellaneous
1.            No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
2.            These Terms of Use (including the Privacy Policy and any Additional Terms incorporated by reference) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between us with respect to such subject matter.
3.            You may not assign these Terms of Use or assign any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent. Any such purported assignment or delegation by you without the appropriate prior written consent will be null and void and of no force and effect. Wuxiaworld.com may assign these Terms of Use or any rights hereunder without your consent and without notice.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning. 
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders .
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 7 business days
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redressprinciple, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
wuxiaworld.com
Last Edited on 2018-03-10
Recent Chapters
