Last Updated: November 2014
This Privacy Policy applies to your access and use of the Checkers websites, mobile applications, loyalty program, digital stored value system, and other online programs (“Checkers Online Services”). By accessing or using any of the Checkers Online Services, you agree that you have read and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you don’t agree, please do not use any of the Checkers online services.
When you use any of the Checkers Online Services, we may collect information about you and we may share some of all of that information with third parties in certain circumstances. This Policy will give you more details and information about such collection, use and sharing.
Our business is located in the United States. Our online privacy practices are governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Florida. By using any of the Checkers Online Services, you understand and agree that any information you submit or is gathered about you will be transmitted to and stored in the United States. You further consent to the use and disclosure of that information accordance with applicable U.S. Federal and State laws and with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be updated and changed from time to time. Please check periodically for changes. Continued use of Checkers Online Services after publication of changes indicates agreement to the new terms.
Information We Collect
Personal Information. The types of information we collect that identify you or relate to you as an individual (“Personal Information“) may include things such as the following:
Name, Date of Birth, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address, username and password (for account
administration), when you supply this information voluntarily
Device ID, including IP address, which are automatically collected and, while they don’t identify you as an
individual, do identify a particular computer
Geolocation (if you are using a mobile application and you consent to this function)
Financial account information and other payment information (that you submit to us for order processing)
Additional Personal Information you may submit as necessary for the administration of particular promotional
events, such as sweepstakes or contests
If you are applying for a franchise, date of birth, social security number, contact and employment
information
Non-Personal Information. Other types of data will also be collected periodically, such as:
Type of browser and operating system, mobile application usage data, and aggregated information such as “click stream” information which means entry and exit points (including referring URLs or domains), traffic statistics, page views, and impressions, all of which are collected automatically
Demographic information you choose to submit and which we may combine on an anonymous basis with similar information from other users
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and other technologies described in more detail later in the Cookies and Web Beacons section of this Privacy Policy
Device Information – Device type, OS and identifier
How We Use Information
We may use Personal Information about you for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you through the Checkers Online Services. This includes the following:
Process and manage your purchase and use of our products and services
Respond to your inquiries or requests, and to post your comments or statements on message boards or in our online forums
Create and deliver personalized promotions based on your purchases and other interactions with us
Send you communications about offerings from Checkers and our affiliated companies
Enable your use of social-media functions via our mobile app, such as sending information or offers to friends and family via the app or other social media — when you use this functionality, you acknowledge and agree that you are permitted to use and provide us with your friend’s or family’s name and e-mail address
Improve our online services, including to perform data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to operate and expand our business activities
Assess your application for a Checkers franchise
Use or Sharing of Personal Information
Except as set forth below, we will not knowingly disclose your Personal Information to anyone outside of Checkers
Drive-In Restaurants, Inc., or our affiliated companies or franchisees (collectively “Checkers”):
To Perform Services For You
We may disclose your Personal Information to third-party service providers to provide us with services such as website hosting, professional services, including information technology services and related infrastructure, customer service, e-mail delivery, auditing and other similar services necessary to the Checkers Online Services and services you request.
Corporate Transactions or Events
We may disclose your information to a third party in connection with a corporate reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
Compliance with Law
We may use or disclose your Personal Information as we deem necessary or appropriate: (1) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (2) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (3) to comply with subpoenas and other legal processes; (4) to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain; (5) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliated companies; (6) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Checkers or others ; and (7) to enforce our terms and conditions.
Franchise Applications
We may disclose the personal information you submit on a franchise application to our business units, agents, parent company, Affiliates and to third parties as part of our consideration of that application and to help conduct our franchise marketing efforts. We require our agents to respect our privacy practices and not use your personal information for purposes other than to carry out our instructions
Third Party Marketing
If you opt-in to receive marketing communications from third parties, we may, from time to time, share the information you provide to us with a few carefully selected third party marketing partners that we believe offer products or services that may be of interest to you. If you would like us to stop providing your information to our third party marketing partners, you may opt-out by emailing us at MobileCSR@checkers.com or sending a letter to 4300
West Cypress St. Suite 600, Tampa, FL.
Use or Sharing of Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information may be used for any purpose not prohibited by law. For example, we may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all information that does not identify an individual (or that has been modified to remove individual identification).
Cookies, Web Beacons and Online Advertising
What Are Cookies?
Checkers and its agents use small text files called cookies, (collectively, “Cookies”). Cookies are small pieces of data that we and our agents place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies are not themselves personally identifiable, but may be linked to Personal Information that you provide to us through your online interaction with us. A Cookie will typically contain the name of the domain (internet location) from which the Cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the Cookie (i.e. when does it expire), and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
How We Use Cookies
We use Cookies so that we can improve your online experience – for example, by remembering you when you come back to visit us, and making the content you see more relevant to you. Cookies also enable us to track online purchases made through the Checkers Online Services.
Your Control of Cookies
Web browsers allow some control of most Cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about Cookies, including how to see what Cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Please understand, however, if you disable Cookies, some features of the Checkers Online Services may not work as well (or at all) for you.
Online Advertising
We use Cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags, web beacons, and clear GIF files, to help manage our online advertising program. These technologies may enable us (or third party advertising services we work with) to learn which advertisements bring users to the Checkers Online Services. They also may enable us (or third-party advertising services we work with) to track the actions of users online over time and across different web sites or platforms to measure statistics of our marketing efforts, and to deliver electronic advertisements that may be more relevant to individual consumers and that will improve the consumer experience. For information about how tracking works for online advertising purposes, and what happens when you elect a do-not-track option, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices .
Social Networking And Third Party Sites
When you sign in or link to the Checkers Online Services through any social networking service, such as Facebook, any information you supply (or have supplied) to us becomes subject to the privacy policy of that social network/service. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such networks or services. You should consult the privacy policy of such networks/services. If you post information in a public forum it becomes public information. In addition, we may disclose your Personal Information in order to identify you to anyone to whom you send communications through the Checkers Online Services, including through our gifting program. The Checkers Online Services may provide links to other sites or services. If you use such other sites or services, check their privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other site or service.
California Residents
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, also known as the “Shine the Light Law,” any of our users who are California residents are entitled to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a notice from us describing what categories of personal customer information (if any) we shared with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. If applicable, the notice will identify the categories of information shared, the names and addresses of the third parties and affiliates with which information was shared. If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Checkers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc., 4300 West Cypress St. Suite 600, Tampa, FL. In your request, please specify that you want a “California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow at least thirty days for a response.
Children
The Checkers Online Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If we learn that we have obtained any personally identifiable information about a children under age 13, we will delete that information.
Security
We strive to use reasonable safeguards to help prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of Personal Information provided or collected through the Checkers Online Services. However, no system is perfect or can guarantee that unauthorized access or theft might not occur.
Retention of Information
Following termination or deactivation of any user account you may create, unless you request that your information be deleted by contacting us, we may retain your information for back-up, archival, legal and audit purposes, and to reactivate your account upon your request. In addition, we may retain and continue to use indefinitely all information contained in your communications to other users of the Checkers Online Services posted to public or semi-public areas of the Checkers Online Services after termination or deactivation of your user account.
Changes and Updates
We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Checkers.com website at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you have provided us with your email address, we will also notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending an email at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes to the email address you most recently provided to us. We encourage you to keep the email address you provide to us current, and to promptly notify us of any changes to your email address, so that you may receive any notices we send to you regarding material changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the new terms, you should stop using the Checkers Online Services, and if you are a registered user, you may cancel your account with us within the thirty (30) day period by contacting us at MobileCSR@checkers.com and you will not be bound by the new terms. Otherwise, the new terms will take effect after thirty (30) days.
Free Fries
You Know The Deal
Be the first to know about the latest Checkers promotions, coupons, news and contests.
First Name
Last Name
Zip Code
 
Coupon valid at participating locations only. Limit one coupon per person. *Some restrictions apply, see coupon for details.
Entering your mobile number constitutes your signature to agree to receive recurring automated marketing messages from Checkers & Rally's to the number provided. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Msg&data rates may apply.
Find Your Nearest Deals
Enter Your Location To Find Your Nearest Deals and Checkers Locations
Enter Your Zip/City
