Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Hoover.com. We know that your privacy is very important to you and that’s why we take that very seriously. Royal Appliance Mfg. Co. doing business as TTI Floor Care North America (“Hoover”) is committed to protecting any personal information that you choose to give us to help make your experience with Hoover a great one!
Personal Information Collection and Usage
Hoover is the owner (or licensee, as applicable) of the information we collect on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in any way except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. When you provide us with personal information such as your name, street address, email address, phone number, etc., we use this information for limited and specific purposes. Hoover will use the information you provide to fulfill your purchase orders, other requests, and enhance your relationship with Hoover and its strategic partners. The credit card and personal information you provide us will be verified with Chase Paymentech, our credit card verification service. If you choose to receive email from Hoover, then we will occasionally send you email about Hoover products and promotions. We like to keep things clean, and promise not to clog your inbox.
If you would like to add your name to our mailing list, change your personal information or be removed from our mailing list, please choose one of the following options:
To unsubscribe, click the "unsubscribe" link in one of our emails you’ve received from Hoover
Contact our Consumer Service Department by one of the following:
Send an email to us through our Contact Us page.
Call us at: (800) 944-9200 Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. EST.
Contact us at: TTI Floor Care North America 7005 Cochran Road Glenwillow, Ohio 44139
Hoover Mobile Alerts Terms & Conditions
For all alerts, 1 msg/query, Message & Data rates may apply. Available on participating carriers only. Hoover works with the following carriers: AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel, Boost, Alltel, U.S. Cellular, Cellular South, Cricket, Virgin Mobile, n Telos, and Cincinnati Bell. For help, text HELP to 72105 any time. To stop receiving alerts, text STOP to 72105 any time. For questions call 800-944-9200, menu option 3 for Tech Support.
Hoover Product Registration messages are sent at your request only (on demand). You expressly understand and agree that your use of the mobile alerts service provided by Hoover is solely at your own risk. The service is provided "as is" and "as available." Hoover accepts no responsibility and shall not be liable for any consequences that are alleged to have occurred through your use, or misuse, of the service. Hoover is not liable for any damage to your computer system or mobile phone that results from the use of the service.
Cookies; Log Files; and Information Collection
Hoover.com uses cookies to improve the performance of our advertising on other websites. We also use cookies as a service to our users by saving the contents of your shopping cart. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s hard drive. Many online services and mobile applications use cookies, as well as other technologies, including but not limited to web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers in order to collect information about your activity, browser, and device. Hoover may also utilize these technologies to collect information when you use the services offered through our partners. Cookies and other similar technology can only record about you what you have already chosen to tell us and cannot retrieve or transmit information you do not authorize. Please be aware that cookies are required to add items to your shopping cart and then proceed through the checkout process. You are usually able to disable cookies through your internet browser options; however, by doing so you will limit the functionality we can provide to you during your visit at Hoover.com.
In addition, we use IP addresses to analyze trends and combine information collected by our affiliates or other third parties with information collected on Hoover.com. We may also let other companies use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, and other similar technologies on Hoover.com. These companies may collect information regarding your use of Hoover.com and other websites, as well as other online services in order to, for example, analyze trends, track data, understand your online activity, ascertain content popularity, and deliver targeted advertisements for Hoover and other companies.
Links
Hoover.com contains links to third party sites. Please be aware that Hoover is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and therefore has no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations treat your personal information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Hoover.com.
Phone
Any personal information we ask for is used for limited and specific purposes. We ask you for your phone number during the checkout process so we will be able to contact you if we have trouble processing an order or for delivery purposes.
Credit Card Processing Policy and Security
Hoover.com accepts VISA, MasterCard, Discover and American Express either online or via phone order. All account information including your mailing address, email address and phone number will be encrypted to insure your privacy. This information is entered on a page that uses the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. That means your information is sent to us and our credit card verification service through a secure connection between you and Hoover.com. See our full credit card processing policy .
Promotions and Product Availability
All promotions offered on Hoover.com apply to purchases shipped within the United States unless otherwise noted. Hoover offers services and products in many parts of the world. Hoover.com may refer to certain services or products which are not available worldwide without specifically limiting the offers as such. Such reference does not imply that Hoover intends to offer such service or products in all countries.
Consumer Reviews
We like to know how we are doing, and we invite you to submit a review of your purchase and your experience on Hoover.com. You alone are responsible for the content of your message, including its reliability, originality, and shall be responsible to ensure that it does not violate the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of another party. By submitting a review, you grant Hoover a non-exclusive license to use such review for any and all purposes, in Hoover’s sole discretion.
Unsolicited Product Ideas
Hoover does not solicit (and our product teams will not review) ideas for new products from third parties for our business (including product and advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any between an unsolicited product idea and a Hoover product or advertisement. By submitting a product idea, you waive any right to compensation of any type for the idea. Also, please know that you are responsible for the material that you submit, and that you, not Hoover, have full responsibility for the message including its reliability, originality and copyright. By submitting a product idea, you agree to waive any and all rights to materials and ideas submitted to us, and your submission will become the exclusive property of Hoover. This provision does not apply to the content of a consumer review with respect to Hoover’s intellectual property rights in such consumer review.
Social Network: Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube
The Hoover Facebook, Twitter and YouTube pages are run and maintained by individuals from Hoover and select marketing agencies. The views, opinions, depicted results and experiences expressed in user-submitted comments are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the makers of Hoover products. Additionally, such comments may not be representative or typical of the product under actual conditions of use as directed by Hoover. User comments are not edited for accuracy or safety.
Limited Warranty Policy Statement
Products: Limited warranties vary by product. Please see individual product page for further details. Replacement Parts: 90 days from date of purchase.
Warranties only apply to products purchased within the United States (including its territories and possessions), a U.S. Military Exchange, or Canada. This warranty does not cover products purchased from a party that is not an authorized retailer, dealer, or distributor of Hoover products.
Disclaimer of Liability
THE MATERIALS AND INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT ANY LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY FOR INFORMATION, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
This disclaimer of liability also applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operations or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or any other cause of action.
You specifically acknowledge that Hoover is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of third parties.
Hoover may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or programs described on Hoover.com at any time without notice.
Notification of Changes
The Hoover products and services offered to you online change from time to time as we are consistently trying to improve your experience with Hoover. As our business changes, we will update our privacy policy, which when updated, will be available on this page without notification. Hoover also reserves the right to change all Terms of Use of its websites at any time, and each visit you make to Hoover.com shall be subject to current Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Please contact us with questions regarding our terms of use and privacy policy.
Your Acceptance
When you use our website, you acknowledge your acceptance of our terms of use and privacy policy. If you do not agree with these policies, please do not use our website. This terms of use and privacy policy is subject to change without notice.
This terms of use and privacy policy was last updated on 4/30/2017.
Connect With Us
©
