At Amtrak, we care about our customers' privacy.
We believe it is important you know that we treat the information you entrust to us with respect and secure it accordingly. This document applies information collected and used by all of the Yankee Leisure Group (YLG) brands, including, but not limited to Amtrak Vacations, Yankee Holidays, Railbookers, Yankee Leisure Holdings, hereafter referred to collectively as “YLG”.
This Privacy Policy describes the practices that are applied to the personal information from the users of our services, via website, telephone, email, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and other interactions. This policy applies to this website and all other websites that may be accessed from it.
Definitions
“Disclose” means to release, transfer, disseminate, or otherwise communicate all or any part of any record orally, in writing, or by electronic or any other means to any person or entity.
“User” means an individual who has registered with the website.
“Minor” means any individual under 18 years of age, or as defined under the laws of their jurisdiction or residence.
“Personal Information” or “PI” means any recorded information about specific individual whose identity may be inferred from the information. This information includes, for example, name, email and mailing address, phone number, account and billing information, and other information provided by a visitor to our website or incidental to providing products and services to you.
“Website” means www.AmtrakVacations.com , as well as its child sites and web pages, and any other managed website of YLG that may be accessed through it.
Consent
By submitting PI to us or our website, and / or by visiting www.AmtrakVacations.com , you agree that we may collect, use and Disclose that PI in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted or required by law.
If you do not agree with these terms, do not provide any PI to Amtrak Vacations or YLG. If you choose to refuse or withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with some services.
YLG does not sell or market products to minors. Minors are not eligible to register with, use or purchase services via www.AmtrakVacations.com or any of its affiliate sites. We do not knowingly collect PI from any minor, and will not deliberately use such information. If you are under 18, you may use www.AmtrakVacations.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
If you provide PI regarding any third party, including parties traveling or vacationing with you, you must obtain consent prior to your disclosure of this information. By providing PI of any third party, you represent that you have all necessary authority and / or have obtained all necessary consents from such person to allow our collection of PI as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information We Collect
YLG only collects PI that you voluntarily provide to us, or that is incidental to your use of our services. The information we learn helps us personalize and continually improve your experience with Amtrak Vacations, and assists us in providing for your vacation needs. Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Provide To Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but failure to disclose some information may limit your use of our products and services. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future vacations for you, improving our website and communicating with you. Such information may include service and purchase information, User and billing information, when you call or write to our Customer Service and other volunteered information.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses the website. Such information may include login information, browsing history, preferences and other personalization information.
E-mail Communications: YLG may retain copies of our email correspondence, or if you have received and opened correspondence. We also compare our customer lists in an effort to avoid duplicative marketing.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Such information may include when you visit sites on which we advertise, information collected on sites that we host for third parties and other content served by or on behalf of Amtrak Vacations on other websites.
Incidental Information: YLG may collect information incidental to your visit of the website or purchase of products or services. Such information may include when you have visited the website or when you registered as a User.
How We Use Personal Information
YLG uses your PI for the purposes of responding to and processing your requests for Amtrak Vacations products and services:
To record your travel preferences, to provide travel quotes, or make travel reservations on your behalf, to communicate with you or your travel agent or other service provider about your travel plans;
To process and track your transactions and to send information to affiliated travel agents and agencies via our systems and software regarding our and our business partners’ products and services and other information and materials that may be of interest to you;
To issue invoices, administer accounts, and collect and process product and services payments;
To provide tips or guidance on how to use our website, inform you of new features on our site or provide other information that may be of interest to users;
To personalize the service we provide to you, tailor your experience at our website to your interests and make more appropriate travel recommendations;
To send you e-mail messages, e-newsletters, personalized offers via direct messaging or other communications about our services, if you have subscribed to receive this information or you have not advised us that you do not wish to receive such communications;
To manage our website and its related systems, diagnose technical problems, improve content and allocate the resources of our systems so that your experience with our website is as efficient as possible;
To process and track your transactions and to send you information about our and our Independent Affiliates’ and business partners’ products and services and other information and materials that may be of interest to you;
To develop, enhance, market, sell or provide YLG products or services, or those of companies with which we have a commercial relationship, but only if you have granted us permission to do so or we are otherwise able to do so under applicable law;
To effect a corporate transaction in connection with the sale, merger, spin-off or other corporate reorganization of our corporation, where the information is provided to the new controlling entity in regular course of business;
To audit compliance with our policies and contractual obligations;As permitted by, and to comply with, any legal or regulatory requirements or provisions; or for any other purpose to which you consent.
YLG does, at times, request credit card information, Membership ID, or national identification numbers to help plan and book vacations. Any such information is kept and maintained in accordance with the policies outlined in this document.
Who Sees Your Personal Information
Information about our customers is a critical part of our business. We do not sell PI to others. YLG will only share your PI with our authorized service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, as required by law, or as described in this section. From time to time, we may disclose PI as follows:
To those travel service providers with which you have or may make arrangements through via our website, by telephone, or other interaction. For example, associated hotels, transportation companies, tour operators, vacation packages, wholesalers, independent affiliated travel agents and agencies, attraction and travel insurance companies. We provide them only with the PI required to assist you in choosing and completing your purchases, as well as the booking and reservation of travel related products and services.
To organizations that provide services for or on behalf of YLG. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages and brochures, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These parties have access to the PI needed to perform their respective functions.
YLG may collaborate with other companies via software and systems to offer additional products and services, and may share PI to marketers of products and services which you have authorized. This Policy does not cover the use of your PI by these other companies. We encourage you to read a company’s privacy policy before requesting any of its products or services.
To protect our website and our rights under our Terms and Conditions of Use; to protect ourselves against liability or prevent fraudulent activity; or where it is necessary to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain.
To facilitate a corporate transaction, in connection with the sale, merger, spin-off or other corporate reorganization of our corporation, where the information is provided to the new controlling entity in regular course of business.
Where the information is public.
To our insurers and to regulatory agencies.
How We Retain Your Personal Information
We will retain your PII in our databases in accordance with our records management policy and applicable laws. While this information may be periodically purged, the retention period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us. We may also need to retain certain information to prevent fraudulent activity; to protect ourselves against liability, permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain; or if we believe in good faith that a law, regulation, rule or guideline requires it.
Your PI will be stored in secured locations and on servers controlled by YLG, located either at our offices or at the offices of service providers.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may always choose not to provide PI to YLG and you may browse our websites without entering PI, even though PI may be required to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain services and to request additional information.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers explains how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
YLG provides you with the ability to specifically choose the promotional marketing communications you wish to receive from Amtrak Vacations and its partners. For emailed newsletters and promotional messages, you may adjust your marketing preferences by following the instructions included with every communication sent to you. If you wish to be removed from postal marketing you can do this by sending an e-mail to CustomerService@ylginc.com  and include your full name, street address and e-mail address, and specify that you don’t want to continue receiving either postal mail, email, or both.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
YLG protects the confidentiality of your PI by employing physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to help protect the confidentiality and integrity of the information and to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access disclosure or modification of PI. browser.
Changes To This Privacy Statement
This Privacy Policy is our commitment to protect your personal information. This policy is reviewed regularly to ensure compliance with this commitment and with evolving standards. Accordingly, we will, occasionally make changes to this policy. In the event of policy change, or change of ownership, all Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we publish the revisions, as well as to all existing information held by us.
If we decide to change this policy in a material way, we will obtain the necessary consents required under applicable privacy laws if we seek to collect, use or disclose PI for purposes materially different than those to which consent has been obtained, unless otherwise required or permitted by law. If any proposed change is unacceptable to you, you may request that we remove your PI from our records, as described in this document.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info@ylginc.com .
California Privacy Rights
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from a business, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, e-mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including Independent Affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us via E-mail: CustomerService@ylginc.com or by mail to YLG Inc. c/o Customer Care 500 Cummings Center, Suite 5500 Beverly, MA 01915.
×
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER AND SAVE!
Receive Train Vacation Specials, News, and Updates. Join the Amtrak Vacations community today!
Your Email Address:
Saturday:
Request A Brochure
Sign up to receive your FREE Amtrak Vacations train vacation brochure.
Contact Us
Saturday:
CST #2115735-40
Here are all of the destinations we travel to.
Western USA
