 
Our Commitment to Privacy
MTD Products Inc, including each of its subsidiaries and/or affiliates, having a principal place of business located at 5903 Grafton Road, Valley City, Ohio 44280 is committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal information. As part of normal business activities, we may collect and store personal information regarding customers, employees and associates, suppliers, and distributors. Personal information may be collected, transferred, and stored on servers located in any country in which we do business.
The following persons or entities may have access to the information that you provide to MTD Products Inc: our employees and associates; authorized sales and service centers; and service providers who assist us with archival, auditing, accounting, legal, business consulting, and website or technology services. MTD Products Inc will not need your consent for the transmission of your personal information to the foregoing persons or entities. Please bear in mind that MTD Products Inc and our service providers will take reasonable care to protect data and limit access only to associates who have a legitimate business reason to view the data. All parties who have access to your information are required to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to provide you services within the normal business activities of MTD Products Inc and its authorized sales and service centers.
 
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
 
What Information Do We Collect
MTD Products Inc may collect personal information online, in person, over the phone or through the mail. This personal information may include: (i) contact information (including: name, address, phone number, and e-mail address), serial and model number of products purchased, information about your shopping preferences and purchases, survey information (which may include: age, household description, lawn care/outdoor power product ownership/purchase information, etc.), purchase orders, and employment information (i.e. job title, location, etc.), (ii) financial or economic information as your credit card or debit card information and invoices. Personal Information does not include information that is publicly available, such as a person's name, address and phone number listed in a directory.
 
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect Personal Information for the following purposes which give origin to and are considered necessary for the existence, maintenance and compliance of the legal relationship whether existent or possible between MTD Products Inc and you: (i) for commercial reasons, including: fulfilling requests for products, administering product programs and warranties, responding to inquiries about our offerings, to track customer preferences, to communicate with customers regarding their account with us, and (ii) in case you are an employee of MTD Products Inc, your Personal Information will be used for employment purposes (i.e. keeping updated organizational information, making employment related decisions, employee training, employment investigations, etc.).
 
CHOICE
 
 
 
ONWARD TRANSFER
 
SECURITY
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our efforts to protect personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us online. You transmit all such information at your own risk.
However, once we receive your transmission, we take reasonable measures to ensure that personal information is safeguarded at all times. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of personal information under our control. Our data networks are secured and protected by firewalls and other safeguards. In addition to technological measures, we also ensure that personal information stored on our premises or stored by our third parties, is secured by other means, including restricting access and using locked and secured storage units.
 
DATA INTEGRITY
 
ACCESS, RECTIFICATION, SUPPRESSION AND REJECTION
As owner of the personal information you provide us with, you are entitled to access the personal information we possess and the details of the processing of such information; rectify the information whenever it is incomplete or imprecise; suppress the information if you deem it is not required for the purposes set forth herein, or if it is being used for purposes not consented; or otherwise, object to the processing of the personal information provided for specific objectives.
You may update, remove, or correct your personal information on record with us by logging into your account (if applicable), sending an e-mail to infoprivacy@mtdproducts.com, or by writing us at MTD Products Inc, Information Privacy Department, P.O. Box 368022, Cleveland, OH  44136.  To protect your privacy and security, we also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. We will respond to all inquiries with respect to updating, removing, or correcting your personal information within a reasonable time.
Should you wish to exercise your right of access, rectification, suppression and/or objection of personal information processing, or if you have any doubts or inquiries in connection with such, you may contact our Information Privacy Department at the address and/or email provided in our contact details.
Any application for the exercise of the aforementioned rights must necessarily indicate and include: i) your name and domicile, ii) copy of your official ID (passport, voter ID, drivers license), iii) a clear and precise description of the personal information you wish to access, rectify, suppress or object and any other component which facilitates the obtainment of your data, as well as iv) any other requirement set forth in terms of the applicable law.
 
LIMIT USE OR DISCLOSURE
You are entitled to, at any time, to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information for the purposes that are not necessary for our legal relationship.  If you wish to limit the use of your personal information, please contact our Information Privacy Department by mail or e-mail, stating the purposes for which you wish to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information.
 
CONSENT REVOCATION
 
ENFORCEMENT
 
REGISTRATION
Mtdparts.com has no registration requirement. At mtdparts.com, you have the choice to create an account. This will enable you to register your recently purchased product, place additional orders, rate and review our products, etc. If you choose not to register, you will be able to access all areas of mtdparts.com that do not require registration.
Whether you choose to register when you visit mtdparts.com or not we automatically track and collect the following anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for administering the site, analyzing trends, tracking user movements, and gathering broad demographic information for aggregate use: (a) IP address; (b) domain name; (c) type of computer; and (d) type of Web browser.
 
COOKIES
Mtdparts.com utilizes cookies for several purposes, including the storage of information required to determine how to properly deliver content to your machine. A cookie is provided to all visitors to mtdparts.com, regardless of whether you create an account.
A cookie is a small piece of information that a Web server stores temporarily using your Web browser and then later retrieves. A cookie is not a way for a Web server to access and find out private information about you. However, once you choose to furnish a website with personal information, for example, by registering at one of our websites, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
 
ONLINE BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
Mtdparts.com engages in Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA) in accordance with the guidelines set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance.  MTD Products Inc uses anonymous cookies to track information on your browsing history on mtdparts.com, and third-party advertising networks use the information to serve ads to you on MTD Parts behalf on other sites throughout the Internet. These cookies do not contain personally identifiable information, nor are they linked to any personal information collected by MTD Products Inc.
You may opt-out of third-party advertising networks by using the Network Advertising Initiative's (NAI's) multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . These opt-outs are valid only for the computer and browser combination used to opt-out. Clearing cookies will remove these opt-outs since they stored in cookies.
 
NOTICE TO PERSONS ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
 
LIMITATIONS
 
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, MTD Products Inc may use customer information for new purposes not previously disclosed in this privacy Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes here as notification and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back to our website periodically.
Part Types
Don't know your model number?
You can use the Part Finder to help find your model and the right part for your machine.
1-800-269-6215
Search
Don't know your model number?
You can use the Part Finder to help find your model and the right part for your machine.
