30 Day Return Policy
30 Day Return Policy
Version Date: 10/22/2017
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.
Children
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") protects the online privacy of children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under the age of 13, unless or except as permitted by law. Any person who provides personal information through the Site represents to us that he or she is 13 years of age or older. If we learn that personal information has been collected from a user under 13 years of age on or through the Site, then we will take the appropriate steps to cause this information to be deleted.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our website located at DailySale.com (“Site”) you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information
You will provide us information about yourself, your firm or company, and your practices when you register to be a member of the Site, register for certain services, or register for email newsletters and alerts. You may also provide additional comments on how you see the Site servicing your needs and interests.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Newsletter Subscription
In subscribing for a newsletter you agree that we may use the data you entered to inform you by e-mail about promotional deals and the content and/or products selected by you. You may revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by emailing  [email protected] . You may also unsubscribe from any newsletter via the unsubscribe link provided at the end of each newsletter.
Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial websites, our Site utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Site, and the websites visited just before and just after our Site. We, our advertisers and ad serving companies may also use small pieces of code called “web beacons” or “clear gifs” to determine which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by using our Contact Us form.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that website's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other websites.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you shop on our Site, the Site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other shoppers so your shopping cart is only available to you. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Site and which parts of the Site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who may be given access to personal information including your name, address and telephone number for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you. In connection with alliances, partnerships or arrangements, we may also provide certain information to third parties if we have determined that the information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible third party. For example, some of our partners operate stores or provide services on our Site, while others power offerings developed by us for your use. We also use third parties to facilitate our business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with business activities. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution or bankruptcy.
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our Site. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use both personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, phone number, physical or electronic address) We may allow any non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info or Networking Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices
Notice of New Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by using our Contact Us form.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
We take security of your personal information seriously and use reasonable electronic, personnel, and physical measures to protect it from loss, theft, alteration, or misuse.  However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
We are dedicated to protect all information on our Site as is necessary. However, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information by keeping your password confidential. You should change your password immediately if you believe someone has gained unauthorized access to it or your account. If you lose control of your account, you should notify us immediately.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by using our Contact Us form.
Certain Disclosures
We may disclosure your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on us or affiliated parties; (b) protect and defend our rights and property, the Site, the users of the Site, and/or our affiliated parties; (c) act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of the Site, us, or third parties.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our Site, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
California Privacy Policy
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to our privacy officer as listed below.
Do Not Track Policy
Our Site does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals or mechanisms.
Register for our Deals Newsletter to be alerted of the latest deals on the hottest items, up to 80% off retail!
Sign Up Now!
Welcome to the Loyalty Program
For our most devoted customers, we've introduced our new loyalty program to thank you for your commitment to our business.      Now every time you shop with us, you can earn reward points which can be exchanged for future discounts and savings.      But spending alone isn't the only way you'll be rewarded for your support, as you can earn extra points in simple ways such as referring friends to our      site.
Join the Loyalty Program
Ways to Earn Points
To demonstrate how much we cherish our loyal customers, you can gain reward points in more ways than purchasing your favorite products.
100Points
50Points
200Points
Invite a Friend
Here at our store, we firmly believe that sharing is caring.      So now you've discovered our plant-powered products, it's time to get social.      Invite your friends to our store and be instantly rewarded with reward points.      And if they love them just as much as you do, you will continue to be rewarded again and again!
300 Points
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Earn Bonus Points?
To earn reward points, you first need to have an account on our store. Please sign up for an account. Once you have an account you can then earn reward points by placing orders and completing any of the actions in our earning section for bonus points.
How to Spend Points?
You can spend your points on any order you place through our store. At the cart and at the checkout please adjust the slider to spend your points on that order. Please make sure you are logged in first!
How are Review Points Rewarded?
We reward you reward points for placing reviews on any of our products in our store. Once you have submitted a review please wait for us to check the review so we can approve it. Once approved you will be rewarded points. You can earn points at a rate of 1 review per week.
How many times can I share on Social Media?
You can share on social media our products or pages as many times as you would like. However we can only offer rewards for the first 10 times you share on social media.
How does the yearly reward work?
We will reward you for every 365 days you are a customer for the first three years of your account with us.
Company
© 2009-2018 Daily Sale, Inc. unless otherwise noted. Some rights reserved. Read our Terms of Service for more information
Company
