Highlights of Jibunu’s Privacy Policy
You should refer to both Jibunu’s privacy policy and the research company and/or sample provider conducting the research to fully understand how your data is used.
Jibunu collects data on behalf of our Clients.
Jibunu does not sell or rent your data. Jibunu will only share data with third parties when absolutely necessary to complete our obligations for the research project. Third parties are under the same obligations of protecting your data and not using data for any other purpose than the initial intent of the research project.
Jibunu collects data you actively provide through the research tool and data you passively provide while using the tool such as cookies and IP address.
All data is collected and reported securely via https (the secure version of HTTP). Access to data is protected by an authentication process. Any information that is transmitted or backed up is encrypted and all connections to the data are encrypted.
You can opt out of the research project at any time and you can update your personal information at any time by emailing support@jibunu.com.
Jibunu Privacy Policy
Jibunu programs research tools such as online surveys and interview tools for market researchers.  The data gathered from these tools is collected on behalf of our clients. Jibunu is committed to protecting the privacy of all information gathered, especially any and all personal information of research participants using these tools.  Jibunu is also committed to protecting the personal information of any person using Jibunu’s website and reporting tools.  This policy applies to all client and respondent personal information that we collect or use in the course of conducting our business.
In most cases, Jibunu is the processor of the information, meaning that we are acting on behalf of our client, the controller, to collect and store data. Research participants should also refer to the privacy policy of the controller, which could be a research company or sample provider, that invited you to participate in the research to fully understand how your data is used. Client Information
We treat all information we receive from clients as confidential and do not use the information for any purpose other than to fulfill our obligations to those clients. We keep client information secure at all times, and have strict policies against the use and disclosure of it by our employees or any third parties.
Sharing Information
We collect data on behalf of our research clients for research purposes only, and our use of that information will be limited to that purpose.
Jibunu will not rent, sell or share any information to any third party for the purpose of directly marketing any products or services. In some cases we may need to share information gathered with third parties that provide research services in support of the research project. An example of this may include things like having a translator translate open end comments into English. Any third party that receives personal information is obligated to follow all of the same privacy protection regulations as followed by Jibunu and the research company. Under the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Jibunu may remain liable in cases on onward transfer to third parties.
Information is typically used and analyzed in aggregate, meaning that the data is combined together and analyzed as a whole to look for trends, impact, and general preferences.
Under certain circumstances permitted or required by law (for example, in connection with national security or law enforcement requirements), we may be required to disclose client data or personal information without giving notice.
Collecting Information
Surveys:
Personal information may be collected via two methods.  The first method is actively through questions in the survey or research tool.  The information gathered will depend on the needs of the researcher and research project.  Information collected may include items such as your name, phone number, address, gender, ethnicity, income or other demographic data.  Depending on the nature of the research these questions may also include items related to your health, lifestyle, personal preferences or other items.
The second method is a passive collection that happens automatically through the system tools.  Information gathered in this manner will include items regarding the device being used to access the online tools such as cookies, IP address, browser, browser version, operating system (Mac/PC/Windows), and referring pages.
Certain public information about your web browser, operating system version, browser version, screen resolutions and display information may be collected by Imperium’s RelevantID Technology for determining duplicate respondent and potential data fraud.  Data collected by Imperium specifically excludes the content of any Survey, the content of the responses to questions in any Survey and any personally identifiable information other than your publicly available IP address.  Please review the Imperium Privacy Policy at  http://www.imperium.com/privacy/  .
JUMP:
As a client or vendor of Jibunu, information may also be collected actively through sign up and usage of JUMP (Jibunu Unified Management Platform). We collect basic account information such as email, name, company, and other data needed to provide you with secure access to our services.
Children
When collecting information on children under the age of 13, the research company is responsible for obtaining consent from the parent or guardian of the child.  This is usually, but not always, handled through question(s) in the survey.  Jibunu will not actively request or collect information on or from a child under the age of 13 without consent.
Opting Out
Surveys:
As a research participant you have the right to opt out of participating in any survey at any time.  You can also opt out of receiving email notifications from the sender of the email.
If Jibunu deployed the email notification on behalf of the researcher, you may choose to opt out of email notifications by clicking on the opt out link in the email.  If you do this, Jibunu will add you to the opt out list and you will not receive any further communication from Jibunu for that study.  This will not opt you out of all email notifications from that researcher or sample provider, or from Jibunu on behalf of other researchers. In order to opt out of all notifications from those companies, you must contact each company directly.
JUMP:
You can request to have your account and information deleted at any time. You can also be added to a do not contact list for JUMP. If you would like to delete your account and/or be added to this list, please contact your project manager.
Accessing and Updating Information
You have the right to access, remove or change any of your personal information.  To access or make changes to any personal information that Jibunu has collected, email us at  support@jibunu.com  and we will assist you to the best of our ability as quickly as possible.  In most cases, Jibunu only associates data with a unique identifier without any other access or link to other personal information that the researcher may have.  In such cases, we will send your request to the researcher and or sample provider.
Information Security
We maintain all necessary physical, electronic and procedural security measures to help safeguard data and personal information.  Any information that is transmitted or backed up is encrypted and all connections to the data are encrypted.  In addition, any interactions with the data require an authentication to gain access.  Third parties that provide us with support or services are required to similarly protect personal information from unauthorized access.
Data Retention
Surveys:
Data related to surveys stored by Jibunu, including data files, are encrypted and securely stored with restricted access on servers located in the United States. Data is available for up to six months after a survey closes, unless otherwise required by the terms of our contract for data collection. After that time, the data in the database, all data files, and all sample files are destroyed. Once data has been destroyed it cannot be retrieved. Jibunu’s clients may have different policies for how they retain data. Please refer to the researcher for more information on their policy.
JUMP:
Information associated with your account will be kept as long as it is necessary to provide the services or until you ask us to delete your account.
Privacy Shield
Jibunu complies with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce, under the enforcement authority of the Federal Trade Commission, regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Jibunu has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit  https://www.privacyshield.gov/
Privacy Shield Complaints
In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, Jibunu commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Jibunu at:
Mail: Jibunu, 310 Authority Drive, Fitchburg, MA 01420, U.S.
Phone: 978-537-5510
Email: info@jibunu.com
Jibunu has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to the INSIGHTS ASSOCIATION PRIVACY SHIELD PROGRAM, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Insights Association. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit  http://www.insightsassociation.org/get-support/privacy-shield-program/privacy-shield-eu-swiss-citizens-file-complaint for more information and to file a complaint. These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
In some limited circumstances, individuals may invoke binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Arbitration Panel. You can learn more here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=B-Available-Remedies
Information on Technology
Cookies
Cookies are a small piece of data that is stored in your browser by the website to be used later. Jibunu may store session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are removed after each visit to the website. The persistent cookies remain on the hard drive. If cookies are used, they are used to enhance your experience with the site, to provide a seamless transition between sections of the site or survey tool.
IP Address
An Internet Protocol or IP address is a string of numbers that identifies a device, such as a desktop or laptop computer, on a network. It does not provide specific information about you, however it may be used to identify your location or to help confirm data integrity.
Referring Pages
This is the URL of the website that you came to the survey or website from. This data is only used if needed to resolve any problems with the survey tool.
Do Not Track “DNT” Signals
DNT is a setting in a web browser requesting that the site not track your actions while on the site. Jibunu does not currently recognize “Do Not Track” signals or other similar mechanisms from browsers. Jibunu may track data such as page visits or click patterns.
Jibunu Web Site and Report Portal
On the Jibunu webiste, Jibunu tracks things like the pages you visit, the links you click on, and how long you may stay on a particular page. If you provide your name and email address for additional information or a quote, Jibunu will securely store this information. Jibunu will not share or sell your information. This information is catured via the Instapage tools and you can review their privacy policy here: https://instapage.com/privacy-policy
If you provide your name and email, we may send Jibunu-related news, offers, or promotions. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please unsubscribe using the instructions at the bottom of the email.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Jibunu will review and update this privacy policy regularly and we may make changes without further notice. The Updated date appearing at the top of the page will indicate when any portion of this policy has been updated. Please check back regularly.
I've Seen Enough...
Phone:978-537-5510
