Read More
Read More
Editor's Pick
 
 
 
 
HTC Vive Libraries Program Will Bring VR Headsets To Over 100 Libraries
Popular Now
 
 
 
 
VR and AR Could Revolutionize Construction, But There Are Still Big Challenges
Thank you.
Privacy Policy for UploadVR
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at Contact .
At https://uploadvr.com/ we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by https://uploadvr.com/ and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, https://uploadvr.com/ makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
https://uploadvr.com/ uses cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
→ Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on https://uploadvr.com/.
→ Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site’s visitors based upon their visit to https://uploadvr.com/ and other sites on the Internet.
→ Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Our Advertising Partners
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include …….
Google
While each of these advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their site, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here: Privacy Policies .
You may consult this listing to find the privacy policy for each of the advertising partners of https://uploadvr.com/.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on https://uploadvr.com/ and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site’s third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
https://uploadvr.com/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. https://uploadvr.com/’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You may find a comprehensive listing of these privacy policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links .
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
https://uploadvr.com/ does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that https://uploadvr.com/ has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Wednesday, August 3rd, 2016.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
Account Privacy Management
15280614
 
Read More
40 Amazing Must-Have Skyrim VR PC Mods To Make Tamriel Even Better
10702922
 
Read More
How To Download And Install New Custom Songs On Beat Saber (Update)
14785927
 
501332
 
Read More
The 15 Very Best VR Shooters For Rift, Vive, PSVR, and Windows VR
916629
 
Hands-On: Falcon Age Is Like A Metroidvania Meets Bird Handling
111973
 
Read More
Community Download: Why Do You Think Rift Is Gaining Ground Over Vive On Steam VR?
297423
 
822405
 
153955
 
346672
10 Sep, 2018 By Jamie Feltham
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Necessary
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements.
Cookies Used
Misc
twitter.com
disqusads.com
addthis.com
survata.com
Tracking, Ads and Misc
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements.
Cookies Used
ON OFF
