Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion at any time. Any revisions to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website of our Platform. It is your obligation to periodically visit our Website to review any changes that may be made to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Platform constitutes your agreement to be bound by any such changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use our Platform and your sole recourse is to not use our Platform.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Platform, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information that you voluntarily disclose that is collected on an individual basis; and information collected automatically when you use our Platform or the services available on our Platform (collectively, the “Information”).
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is collected only when voluntarily offered and solely for purposes that are clearly identified on our Platform. Personal information means any information that is unique to you, such as your: “Name, Username, Password, E-mail address, Cryptocurrency address, Mailing address, Other personal information you choose to provide”
By providing us with your personal information, you also consent for us to collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition to providing the foregoing information, if you choose to correspond further with us through e-mail or through the “contact” section of our Platform, we may retain, use and disclose the content of your messages together with your e-mail address and our responses.
What Information is Collected Automatically?
When you use our Website or services available on our Platform, we automatically collect information from your devices. We collect the following information:
Server Log Information: We collect server log information when you use our Platform, which may include (but is not limited to) your login details, the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, your IP address, time spent at our Platform and the websites you visit just before and just after our Platform.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Platform, including the hardware model, operating system and version, the web browser you use, and other device identifiers.
Telemetry Information. If you use any of our applications, we may collect the amount of free and used storage space on your device and other statistics about your device.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We and our service providers use various technologies to collect information when you interact with our Platform, including (but not limited to) cookies and beacons. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your device when you visit a website, which enable us to collect information about your device identifiers, IP address, web browsers used to access the Platform, pages or features viewed, time spent on pages, mobile app performance and links clicked. Web beacons (or beacons) are graphic images that are placed on a website or in an email or in an application that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Platform or sending the email. They are often used in combination with cookies where possible.
Use of Information
We will only use the Information for purposes of providing, maintaining, delivering or improving our Platform or the products or services provided through our Platform;
analyzing and tracking data to determine the usefulness or popularity of certain content and to better understand the online activity of our users;
fulfilling our legal or regulatory requirements;
providing you with the information or products or services that you have requested;
answering your inquiry or responding to a communication from you;
developing new products or services;
sending you technical notices, support or administrative notifications;
communicating with you about news, products, services, events and other information we think will be of interest to you;
monitoring and analyzing trends, usage and activities in connection with our Platform;
detecting, investigating and preventing fraudulent transactions or unauthorized or illegal activities;
protecting the rights and property of the Parties (as defined below) and others;
linking, connecting or combining Information we collect from or about you with other Information;
carrying out any other purpose or reason for which the Information was collected; and
matching your information with job vacancies to assist us in finding a position that is most suitable for you if you have contacted us about recruitment.
Sharing of Information
We will only share Information about you in the following ways:
with your consent or at your instruction;
with our current or future parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries and with other companies under common control or ownership with us or our offices internationally;
with third parties or service providers that perform work for us;
certain information you may choose to share may be displayed publicly, such as your username and any content you post when you use interactive areas of our Platform like our online forums;
in connection with a merger or sale of our company assets, or if we do a financing or are involved in an acquisition or any other situation where Information may be disclosed or transferred as one of our business assets;
in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;
if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of any Party or others; and
with third parties where aggregate Information is disclosed which cannot be reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
Our Website may offer social sharing features, links to social media and other integrated tools. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your contacts or the public, depending on the settings you use with the entity that provides the social sharing feature or social media. Please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features to obtain more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and the processing of such data by such entities.
Protection of Personal Information
We take reasonable steps to protect the security of the information communicated through our Platform. However, no computer security system is entirely fool-proof and the Internet is not a secure method of transmitting information. As a result, we do not assume any responsibility for the data you submit to or receive from us through the Internet or for any unauthorized access or use of that information and we cannot and do not guarantee that information communicated by you to us or sent to you by us will be received or that it will not be altered before or after its transmission to us. You agree to not hold us and our respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (collectively, the “Parties”) liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any misappropriation, interception, modification, deletion, destruction or use of information provided through our Platform.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies as a default. You may wish to opt out by turning off cookies (please refer to the help menu on your browser); however, switching off cookies may restrict your use of our Platform.
You may also opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as technical notices, support or administrative notifications or information about your account (if you have one).
Hyperlinks and Third-Party Sites
 
If you have any questions regarding these terms, please contact us at [email protected]
Copyright © 2017 peerguess.com | All rights reserved.
TWITTER FEED
Now, it’s much easier for you to reach and display your gems. In the new version of Peerguess app, you can displa… https://t.co/WUvW7vsDSO about 1 hour ago
From this week, a strong marketing campaign will take place with the release of our Android app. Always follow ou… https://t.co/Gryu5rPqb8 6 days ago
Copyright © 2018, All Right Reserved
