Product Comparison
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. Please refine your selection.
Global Top Nav 090218
10% off select items when you buy online and pick up in-store | promo code: pickup10
20% Off Your First Repeat Delivery | Use Code RDSAVE20
20% Off Your First Repeat Delivery
Use Code RDSAVE20
Close
10% off select items when you buy online and pick up in-store | promo code: pickup10
10% off select items when you buy online and pick up in-store | promo code: pickup10
Promotion ends 9/22/18 at 11:59pm PST.
Select categories include crates & kennels, dog beds, cat furniture, aquariums and cat litter.
Offer valid online only.
Save 20% With Code RDSAVE20
The 20% discount is valid only on first-time Repeat Delivery orders.
Exclusions apply.
Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. or any of its divisions or affiliates (collectively, "Petco", "we" and "us") collect from and about you when you visit any of our websites where this Privacy Policy is posted (each a “Site”), use our mobile applications (each an “App”), visit or make a purchase at our stores or clinics (each a “Store”), or otherwise contact or interact with us offline (“Offline Services”). The Sites, Apps, Stores, and Offline Services are collectively referred to as the "Services." This Privacy Policy also explains how Petco may use and share your information, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it.
By using or accessing the Services, you agree to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy, and agree to the Terms of Use which are incorporated by reference. If you do not agree, please do not access or use the Services.
*Please note that information we obtain through the Services in connection with your pet receiving from us any veterinary, wellness, pharmacy, or other services involving your pet's medical records is subject to our pet medical records policy (available here ).
For ease of reference, you may click on any of the following links to jump to one of the sections addressed below:
We collect information from you when you choose to share it with us, such as through use of our Services, account registration, registration for one of our programs, and other ways you communicate with or contact us.
The information we collect may include your name, mailing address, email address, telephone or mobile number, date of birth or age, gender, or photograph, or information about your pet, and to generate a user name and password.  You may also provide us with certain information in connection with specific transactions:
Make a Purchase. If you make a purchase from us, we collect applicable financial information to facilitate the transaction.
Visit a Clinic or Wellness Center. If you bring your pet to one of our pet clinics, hospitals, or wellness centers, or use any of our veterinary or wellness services, we may also collect additional information about your pet, including your pet’s name, date of birth, medical information or records, or other health-related information.
Information About a Third Party. If you send someone else a communication from the Site, the information you provide will be used to facilitate the communication.
Information Through Social Media. You may be given the option to link to one or more social networking platforms (such as Facebook or Twitter) through the Services, or log in via a social networking platform. If you do, we may automatically receive certain information about you based on your registration and privacy settings on those third party services.
Information Automatically Collected
We, or our third party service providers, may use a variety of technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, HTML5, or other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to, and users of, our Site or App and interactions with our emails and online and mobile advertisements, to allow Petco to keep track of analytics and certain statistical information, and for other purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
For example, we may automatically collect certain information from you, including but not limited to your browser type, device type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) or Media Access Control (“MAC”) address, mobile device identifier or other unique device identifier of any of your computer(s) or device(s) that are used to access the Site or App, geolocation, software version, phone model, phone operating system, carrier information, and the domain name from which you accessed the Site or App.  We also may collect information about your use of the Site or App, including the date and time you visit, the areas or pages that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Site or App, the number of times you return to the Site or App, other click-stream or Site or App usage data, emails that you open, forward or click-through to our Site of App, and other sites or mobile applications that you may visit.
Third Party Analytic Technologies. We also may use third parties’ analytics and tracking tools to better understand who is using the Services, how people are using the Services, how to improve the effectiveness of the Services and related content, and to help us or those third parties serve more targeted advertising to you across the Internet. To support this interest-based advertising solution, we, or our service providers, may use anonymous information about your visits to our Service, and to other websites or apps, and/or anonymous information from your mobile device and email. These third parties may use technology such as cookies, web or hardware beacons, pixel tags, log files, Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies, or other technologies to collect and store information automatically collected. They may also combine information they collect from your interaction with the Services with information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, or control over, these third parties’ use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
Please visit “Your Choices and Opt Out” for further information, including about Do Not Track and how to disable cookies.
Information Collected From Other Sources
.
Combination of Information
We may combine the information we collect from and about you, including you provide to us and information we automatically collect, with information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may use, and from third party sources.
We may use information collected from or about you for any of the following purposes:
To respond to your inquiries, provide you with the Services, provide you with notices about your account, , and to contact and communicate with you when necessary or as other otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy;
To validate, confirm, verify, deliver, install, and track your order (including to process payment transactions, arrange for shipping, handle returns and refunds, and contact you about your orders, including by email or telephone);
To facilitate the treatment of your pet (including to contact you to discuss treatment, medications, or other pet health-related services) or provide you with access to your pet’s medical records;
To enhance your online shopping experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Site or App;
To review the usage and operations of our Services, develop new products or services, and conduct analysis to enhance or improve our content, products, and services;
To provide you with customized Services content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site, via email, text message or push notification, or across other websites, mobile applications, social media or online services;
To contact you with information, deliver email communications, newsletters, promotional material, and other correspondence from Petco or on behalf of our partners and affiliates;
To communicate with you about our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions;
To communicate with you regarding your membership in one of our programs;
To use your data in an aggregated non-specific format for analytical and demographic purposes;
To protect the security or integrity of the Services and our business; or
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.
Additionally, if you use our Services to connect with a third party service, you authorize us to use information from and about you, on your behalf, to interact with these third party services based on your requests.
Affiliates: We may share your information with Petco affiliates or subsidiaries for business, operational, promotional, marketing, or other purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers: We may share your information with third-party contractors and service providers that provide business, professional, or technical support functions for us, help us operate our business, or other activities in support of the Services and/or our businesses.
Veterinary Care Providers: We may share your and/or your pet’s information with another veterinary care provider, if doing so will help facilitate treatment of your pet (such as in the event your pet experiences a medical emergency).
Co-Branded Relationships: Certain areas of our Services may be provided to you in association with third parties, such as advertisers that provide products and services or rewards programs.  We may share information with these third parties if you participate in a co-branded, co-sponsored, or jointly presented promotion, contest, survey, voting feature, or service.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions: If you choose to enter into one of our sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions (a “Promotion”) through the Services, we may disclose your information to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, as required by law, as otherwise permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Select Third Parties: We may share your information with select companies that we believe may have offers of interest to you.
Aggregate, Anonymous, or De-Identified Information: We may also share aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified information with third parties without restriction, including for their marketing or analytics uses.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets: We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business.  If another entity acquires Petco and/or of any of our affiliates, information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity.  In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties.  Please note that the entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions may not comply with all of the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Legal Matters; Compliance with Law: We may disclose information collected from or about you to the government or to other third parties to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests and investigations, court orders, subpoenas or other legal process, such as in connection with suspected illegal activity associated with any of the Sites or our business and to protect against harm to the Services, to us, or others.  We reserve the right to release information collected through any of the Sites to law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary or appropriate.
Other: We also may share your information as disclosed to you at the time of collection.
Cookies, Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures
Certain parts of our Site or App require cookies. You are free to set your browser or operating system settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or take full advantage of all of our offerings.  Please refer to your Web browser’s or operating system’s website or “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your browser or operating system from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences.
Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. We may use cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to link data collected across other computers or devices that you may use.  To understand your choices for receiving more relevant advertising or to manage your settings, please review the information below:
To learn more about the use of cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to know your choices with respect to collection and use of the data by these third party tools, you may visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices . To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices .
On your mobile device, you may also adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant advertising.
Opt Out Preferences
We provide our customers with the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to placement, processing, fulfillment, or delivery of a product or service.  To opt-out of marketing communications, you may use one of these convenient methods:
Electronic Promotional Offers. If you do not want to receive emails from us regarding special promotions or offers, you may (i) click the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email; or (ii) contact us at the contact listed in the “Contact Us” section below.
Direct Mail Promotional Offers. If you do not want us to send you any promotional offers through direct mail, you may contact us at the contact listed in the “Contact Us” section below. To opt-out by email or mail, please include “Do Not Mail” in the subject line so your inquiry can be properly directed.
Mobile Promotional Offers. When you provide us with your mobile number for marketing purposes, we may send you certain marketing alerts via text message. Standard data and message rates will apply. If you no longer wish to receive mobile alerts from us, you can (i) follow the instructions provided in those messages or otherwise reply STOP to any Petco alert; or (ii) contact us at the contact listed in the “Contact Us” section below.
Push Notifications. When you use the App, you may receive push notifications.  If you prefer not to receive push notifications, you may adjust your settings on your mobile device to control whether you want to receive these alerts.
If you receive marketing communications from one or more brands within the Petco family of affiliated companies, you must opt-out individually from each of the brands from which you are receiving brand-specific marketing communications.
Your instructions to limit the use of your information for these purposes will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable.  Additionally, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including without limitation our third party service providers or partners) with whom we have already shared your personal information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.
From time to time, we may share information collected about you with our affiliates and/or other third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Under California law, a California resident with whom we have an established relationship has the right to request information about our disclosure of personal information to affiliated companies or third parties for their direct marketing purposes, within the immediately preceding calendar year, subject to certain exceptions. To make such request, please contact us at law@petco.com .  You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
Non-affiliated third parties are independent from Petco and if you wish to receive information about your disclosure choices or stop communications from such third parties, you will need to contact those non-affiliated third parties directly.
You may correct or update certain information that we collect from you by contacting us at the email or mailing address noted in the “Contact Us” section below, or (if available on a particular Site or App) by editing your information and preferences on the "My Account" page. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to update our files to reflect your request as promptly as possible.
We may retain original and updated information for reasons such as technical constraints, dispute resolution, compliance with laws, fraud prevention, troubleshooting and enforcement of our terms of use and other agreements, or any other reason consistent with this Privacy Policy. In addition, please note that we cannot update any information about you collected through any of the Services that has already been disclosed to a third party (as permitted under this Privacy Policy).
The Site or App may have links to third-party websites or applications, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own.  We are not responsible for the practices of such sites.
The Site or App may also offer you the ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites, which may allow us and/or the social media site to receive data from or about you. In some cases, we may know that you clicked on a social plugin, such as a Facebook Like or Twitter Follow button, or receive other information from the social media sites. Similarly, if you have previously provided personal information to a third-party operating a plug-in on the Site or App, then such third-party may recognize you on this Site or App. Your use of social network plugins is subject to each social media site’s privacy policy, which may be different from ours, so please read these policies carefully to understand their policies and your options. As with linked sites, we have no control over the information that is collected, stored, or used by social network plugins, and are not responsible for the practices of such sites.
• Calling Customer Service at (877) 738-6742;
Emailing us at law@petco.com ; or
• Writing us at Petco, 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127, Attn: Chief Information Security Officer/Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
Sign up to receive updates, special offers, program communications and other information from Petco.
pop-up content starts
On petco.com we'll match the online advertised price for these key competitors: chewy.com, petsmart.com, wag.com, walmart.com, target.com, amazon.com, and jet.com.
Find a qualifying product. Make sure the product you would like to price match is identical to our competitor's product.
Call 877-738-6742 to request a price match.
pop-up content ends
pop-up content starts
Free Standard Shipping automatically applies to your qualifying minimum online purchase subtotal of $49. No promotion code necessary. Subtotal refers to amount of order before taxes and shipping. All Free Shipping is based on Standard Shipping rates. P.O. Boxes, Alaska/Hawaii are based on USPS Priority Mail.
Free Shipping Exclusions: Cat litter, dog litter, ice melter, wild bird food, live fish & rock, aquatic gravel and accents; crickets, live food and frozen food; out-of-stock items, Donations, Petco or Unleashed by Petco Gift Cards and eGift Cards; items shipped through white glove delivery or LTL delivery; orders exceeding the maximum weight limit of 300 lbs.; and applicable taxes. Additional exclusions may apply and will be noted on the Product Detail page and/or Shopping Cart.
Cat litter, dog litter, wild bird food, live & frozen food and oversized items may incur an additional per-item shipping & handling fee or surcharge. Additional fees may apply and will be noted on the Product Detail page and/or Shopping Cart.
Shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands or P.O. Boxes will result in a surcharge. This is based on your default shipping address.
Did you know? Repeat Delivery orders always ship free. Learn More
pop-up content ends
pop-up content starts
ALWAYS free shipping
ALWAYS earn 5% back with Pals Rewards
Automatically applies your rewards for even more savings.
- The 20% discount is valid only on first-time Repeat Delivery orders.
- Enter promo code: rdsave20 in your Shopping Cart. The Promotion Code is one time use only.
- The 20% discount automatically applies to your first-time, qualifying Repeat Delivery purchase subtotal. Subtotal refers to amount of order before taxes and shipping. Maximum discount amount is $20.
- Exclusions: Add-on items, out-of-stock items, Donations, Petco Gift Cards and eGift Cards; items shipped through white glove delivery or LTL delivery; orders exceeding the maximum weight limit of 300 lbs.; and applicable taxes. Additional exclusions may apply and will be noted on the Product Detail page and/or Shopping Cart.
- Petco.com charges applicable tax on all orders shipped to states in which Petco has a physical location.
- Promotion Code valid for one use per order.
- Promotion Code cannot be redistributed or used in combination with any other offer.
- Petco.com in its sole discretion may refuse to redeem any Promotion Code that it believes in good faith to be fraudulently or improperly obtained.
- Offer valid only at petco.com.
pop-up content ends
pop-up content starts
- The promotion ends Saturday, September 22, 2018 at 11:59pm PDT.
- Enter promo code: pickup10 in your Shopping Cart.
- Valid categories are dog beds, dog containment, cat furniture, fish tanks and cat litter.
- The 10% discount is valid on select categories that are pickup in-store only. You must choose the "Free Pickup Today" option, choose your store and add to your Shopping Cart. Items that are being shipped do not qualify for the promotion.
- The 10% discount applies to your online purchase subtotal of for the pickup items only. Subtotal refers to amount of order before taxes and shipping.
- Exclusions: Petsafe Brands (PetSafe, SportDOG, ScoopFree, Pup-Pee Solutions, Piddle Place, Radio Systems, Gentle Leader, Premier Pet, Solvit' and Simpsons Adventure); PetcoOne Membership, Repeat Delivery orders and subscriptions; WholeHearted Membership, out-of-stock items, prior purchases, Donations, Petco Gift Cards and eGift Cards and applicable taxes. Additional exclusions may apply and will be noted on the Product Detail page and/or Shopping Cart.
- Petco.com charges applicable tax on all orders shipped to states in which Petco has a physical location.
- Promotion Code does not apply to international orders.
- Promotion Code cannot be redistributed or used in combination with any other offer.
- Petco.com in its sole discretion may refuse to redeem any Promotion Code that it believes in good faith to be fraudulently or improperly obtained.
- Offer valid only at petco.com.
pop-up content ends
Global Footer 091118
