Introduction
Kaiser Permanente is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of this website. We will use and disclose the information you provide us as stated in our Privacy Statement.
Privacy Statement
Our use and disclosure of an individual's personal information is limited as required by state and federal law. We do not sell or rent personal information about visitors to this site or customers who use the website.
This website has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control. These measures include encryption of data using the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) system, and using a secured messaging service when we send you personal information electronically. Despite these measures, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via this site by Internet or email cannot be guaranteed. At your discretion, you may contact us at the mailing address, email address or telephone number listed in the " Questions, Complaints & Contacts " section at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Revisions to the Privacy Statement
We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time as we add new features or as laws change that may affect our services. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we will post notice of this on our Website. Any revised Privacy Statement will apply both to information we already have about you at the time of the change and any personal information created or received after the change takes effect. We include a version number on this Privacy Statement consisting of the date (year, month, and day) it was last revised. We encourage you to periodically reread this Privacy Statement to see if there have been any changes to our policies that may affect you.
Website Visitor Data
Kaiser Permanente routinely gathers data on website activity, such as how many people visit the site, the pages they visit, where they come from, and how long they stay on the site. The data is collected on an aggregate, anonymous basis, which means that no personally identifiable information is associated with the data. This data helps us improve site content and overall usage. The information is not shared with other organizations for their independent use.
Collecting & Using Personal Information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement, we do not collect any identifiable information about visitors to this site or our customers who use this site. The policies, sources, and uses of information are outlined in sections 1 through 7 that follow:
1. Web Logs
We maintain standard web logs that record and store data about all visitors who use this site. These logs may contain the Internet domain from which you access the site (such as aol.com or abc.org), the IP address that is automatically assigned to your computer when you get on the Internet (a static IP address may be identifiable as being connected to you, while a dynamic address is usually not identifiable), the type of browser and operating system you use, the date and time you visited the site, the pages you viewed on the site, and/or the address of the website you linked from, if any. If you sign on to this website to use its secured features, our web logs will also contain an individual identifier and show the services you have accessed.
All web logs are stored securely and may only be accessed by Kaiser Permanente employees or designees on a need-to-know basis for a specific purpose. Kaiser Permanente uses web log information to help us design our site; identify popular features; resolve user, hardware, and software issues; and make the site more useful.
2. Internet Cookies
We may place Internet "cookies" on the computer hard drives of visitors to this website. Information we obtain from cookies helps us tailor our site to be more helpful and efficient for our visitors. The cookie consists of a unique identifier that does not contain information about you. We use two types of cookies, "session" cookies and "persistent"cookies.
A session cookie is temporary and expires after you end a session and close your web browser. We use session cookies to help customize your experience on our site, maintain your signed-on status as you navigate through our features, and track your "click path" through our web pages.
Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive after you've exited from our site, and we use them for several reasons. For instance, if you've given us permission to email you with information about a Kaiser Permanente job opportunity, or for other reasons, we may place a persistent cookie on your hard drive that will let us know when you come back to visit our site. Persistent cookies will not contain any personal information about you.
You may have software on your computer that will allow you to decline or deactivate Internet cookies, but if you do so, some features of this site may not work properly for you. For instructions on how to remove cookies from your hard drive, go to your browser's website for detailed instructions. In addition, further information regarding cookies may be available on other websites or from your Internet service provider.
3. Emails
Kaiser Permanente uses a third-party vendor to help us manage some of our email communications with you. While we do supply this vendor with email addresses of those we wish them to contact, your e-mail address is never used for any purpose other than to communicate with you on our behalf. When you click on a link in an email, you may temporarily be redirected through one of the vendor's servers (although this process will be invisible to you), which will register that you've clicked on that link and have visited our website. Kaiser Permanente never shares any information, other than your e-mail address, with our third-party email vendor, which does not share these e-mail addresses with anyone else.
Even if you have given us permission to send employment-related e-mails to you, you may revoke that permission at any time by following the "unsubscribe" information at the bottom of the e-mail.
4. Children
We do not knowingly allow any person under the age of 13 to create accounts on kp.org.
5. Disclosures
We may disclose personal information to any person performing audit, legal, operational, or other services for us. We will use information that does not identify the individual for these activities whenever feasible. Information disclosed to vendors or contractors for operational purposes may not be re-disclosed to others by such a vendor or contractor.
We may disclose personal information when required to do so by a subpoena, court order, or search warrant. We may disclose personal information as we deem it appropriate to protect the safety of an individual or for an investigation related to public safety or to report an activity that appears to be in violation of law. We may disclose personal information to protect the security and reliability of this site and to take precautions against liability.
6. Opt Out
If a user makes a request to receive information in an ongoing manner through this website by providing their e-mail address (for example, requesting a subscription to job alerts), a user may make a request to discontinue future mailings. Similarly, if you receive information about Kaiser Permanente employment opportunities through e-mail, you may make a request to discontinue receiving similar messages in the future. All recurring materials sent to you by e-mail will contain information about how to opt out.
7. Other requests to limit use and disclosure of your personal information
State and federal laws may allow you to request that we limit our uses and disclosures of your personal information. However, by law, we do not have to agree to your request. It is our statement not to agree to requests for restrictions beyond what is described in the "Opt out"section above.
Questions, Complaints & Contacts
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, our policies and practices concerning this site, your rights under this statement, and your dealings with the Kaiser Permanente Careers website, you can contact Kaiser Permanente by sending a message to our web manager at kp-hires@kp.org .
Last reviewed/updated: February 21, 2017
Connect With Us
