1800CPAP.com is committed to respecting your online privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you share with us.
Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an e-mail address or credit card information. In general, you can visit 1800CPAP.coms’ web pages (the “Site”) without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
By using this Site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to 1800CPAP.coms’ processing of Personal Information for the purposes provided herein, as well as those explained where 1800CPAP.com collects Personal Information on the Site. We reserve the right to change the terms of this Online Privacy Policy at any time, but will not do so without posting the revised Online Privacy Policy on this Site. We encourage you to review this Online Privacy Policy whenever you visit our Site to make sure you understand how we use the information we collect.
Gathering of Personal Information from Site Users; “Cookies”. 1800CPAP.com may collect and/or track (1) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of computer, and type of web browser of users to the Site, (2) the e-mail addresses of users that communicate with 1800CPAP.com or the Site via e-mail, (3) information knowingly provided by the user in online forms, registration forms, surveys, etc. (including name, address, e-mail and other personal profile data), and (4) aggregate and user-specific information on which pages users access.
1800CPAP.com may place Internet “cookies” on users’ hard drives. Internet cookies save data about individual users, such as the user’s name, password, user-name, screen preferences, the pages of the Site viewed by the user, and the advertisements viewed or clicked by the user. When the user revisits the Site, 1800CPAP.com may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the user’s experience accordingly. Users may decline Internet cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of their web client software, if available. However, declining to use cookies may impede the ability of the Site to function properly.
When a user performs a search within the Site, 1800CPAP.com may record information identifying the user or linking the user to the search performed. 1800CPAP.com may also record limited information associated with every search request made by the user and use that information to, among other things, solve technical problems with the service and to calculate overall usage statistics.
Use of Personal Data Collected. 1800CPAP.com may use the Personal Information it collects for internal purposes, namely, for solving technical problems, calculating overall usage statistics, for internal marketing and promotional purposes, and content improvement.
Security. 1800CPAP.com may implement security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. Please note, however, that 1800CPAP.com cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from 1800CPAP.com via the Site or e-mail. Accordingly, 1800CPAP.com is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. For more private communication, users can contact 1800CPAP.com by telephone at the telephone number provided on the Site on the web page titled “Contact Us”.
Choice to Opt-Out. Users may at any time opt out of having their Personal Information used by 1800CPAP.com to send promotional correspondence to the user, by contacting 1800CPAP.com via email at customersupport@1800CPAP.com
Collection of Personal Data from Children Under Age of 13. 1800CPAP.com does not knowingly solicit information from children and we do not knowingly market the Site or its services to children. No one under the age of 13 should submit any personal information to 1800CPAP.com and/or the Site.
The Products We Sell. 1800CPAP.com offers products from a selection of manufacturers and vendors. By purchasing products through our website you agree that all services related to said products -- including ordering, sale, delivery, setup and instruction will be performed by 1800CPAP.com independently of the manufacturer. This does not affect manufacturer's warranties or warranty repairs which will be undertaken in accordance with each individual manufacturer's policies.
Terms of Use, Policy & Revisions. If you choose to visit 1800CPAP.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Statement, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Ohio. If you have any concerns about privacy and the way your information is handled at 1800CPAP.com, please contact us with a thorough description of your concerns, and we will try to resolve them.
Our business is frequently growing and changing and our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use will also change over time. You should check our website frequently for recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Please direct any questions regarding our Privacy Policy to: customersupport@1800CPAP.com
