Introduction
Rediker Software, Inc. (“Rediker”) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to any website, portal, mobile application or other web-based education-related service provided by Rediker. (It applies only to information collected through our online services and not to information collected offline.) We hope you’ll take a few minutes to read this description of what we do with your information and how we keep it private and secure. By using Rediker Software’s online services, you expressly consent to the handling of any personal information you submit in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data We Collect
Rediker Software collects anonymous, combined data on how our services are used, as well as individual user information such as IP addresses. We do this in part with cookies, which are small files that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) which enable certain user-specific information to be captured and remembered. This automatically collected data may be linked to personally identifiable information.
Some Rediker online services (e.g. PlusPortals) require that each user have a user name and password, which are stored on the site, and may collect other basic information such as name, address, email, phone etc. depending on the needs of your school or the service. We will request and collect similar information when you choose to fill out a form, register, or enact a financial transaction on a Rediker website. If you submit a request online for information or technical support, provide us with feedback, participate in a survey, or contact us via e-mail, we may collect your name, e-mail address and any other personal information you voluntarily provide to us. You may, however, visit Rediker’s informational websites anonymously.
Rediker, in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), does not knowingly collect any information directly from anyone under 13 years of age. Our websites, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old.
Rediker, by hosting a school’s student information management system, or a school’s website, may also come to have physical custodianship of personal and demographic data a school opts to collect by online means.
How We Use the Data
Rediker Software analyzes data on how our services are used in the aggregate (e.g. how groups of people use PlusPortals) for the purpose of improving and enhancing them. For example, Rediker might learn that school news and announcement pages receive a great deal of traffic, which might influence how this aspect of our service is delivered in the future.
Data is collected for specified and legitimate purposes, and is not further processed in any way that is incompatible with those purposes. Any information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To support your school’s educational and data management objectives.
To improve our customer service. (Your information helps us to more quickly and effectively respond to your customer service requests and technical support needs.)
To operate, maintain and improve our sites, apps and online services.
To identify you as a user in our system, in order to provide appropriate and authorized access and services.
To process a financial or other transaction you initiate through our online services.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. (Again, participation is at your discretion.)
To respond, via an email address or phone number you provide, to your comments and inquiries.
To send you occasional opt-in communications about our products and services, available updates, company news etc.
To protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity.
How We Protect Your Information
Rediker Software and your school work together to protect the online privacy of all of your school community members who use Rediker solutions, including students, parents, teachers, and administrators. Rediker’s information collection, security, and privacy policies have been authorized by your school or teacher, and we strive to manage your school's internet services in the securest possible manner. We take reasonable technical and organizational steps to keep personal data secure and to protect it against accidental loss or unlawful destruction, alteration, disclosure or access. We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety and privacy of your data when you enter, submit or access your personal information online. For example, Rediker Software uses industry standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption to transfer private, personal information. (This is the same technology used by online banks.) Data is stored and processed on secure servers located primarily in the United States. The data center containing your information meets the physical and electronic security requirements as set forth in Rediker’s Data Security and Privacy Policies, available on our website and/or in writing upon request. Such Data Security and Privacy Policies may be modified from time to time with notice to the user. Rediker complies with the provisions of 201 C.M.R. 17.00, and maintains a Written Information Security Program, which is available upon request. We are in compliance with California’s OPPA (Online Privacy Protection Act). We shall also comply with the principles of the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46 and the Telecoms Data Protection Directive, as these apply to the handling of “personal data” by “data processors.”
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and Rediker Software cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information managed by an online technology, whether transmitted to Rediker Software by you, your school, or your teacher. By agreeing to Rediker Software's Privacy Policy (and separate Terms of Use), you agree to use PlusPortals and other Rediker online services at your own risk, and agree that Rediker Software shall not be liable if a security breach occurs, if the site malfunctions, or if information is misused or mismanaged in any way to your detriment or the detriment of a third party, whether by Rediker Software, your school, your teacher, or an unauthorized third party.
Sharing Your Data
Your information, whether public or private, will never be sold, rented, exchanged, transferred or given to any other party without your consent, other than for the purpose of delivering a product or service requested by you, or as required by your school as part of their overall information management efforts. For example, if your school uses a certain third party company to manage their special education data needs, necessary information may be securely shared electronically with that company to assist in those administrative tasks. Your data may be shared with other trusted parties for purposes of maintaining and developing Rediker Software’s products and services to better serve your school and others.
In the event of a change in ownership or custody of data (e.g. Rediker or your school is sold, or your school converts to a different SIS vendor), Rediker will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal data and give affected users notice before that data is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Rediker Software does not, in the usual course of business, analyze information on how particular individuals use our services. However, information on individual usage, including but not limited to individual IP addresses, may be analyzed on a case-specific basis to resolve a technical difficulty, to assure the ongoing responsiveness, integrity and performance of our products, or to assist in resolving or investigating any misuse of the service; also, such individual usage information may be furnished to your school if your school requests such information to assist in the investigation of fraudulent, abusive or criminal activity, or any other use of a Rediker Software online service that violates your school's rules or policies.
Third Party Integrations
Google Drive
Through this integration, users can log in to their Google Drive accounts from PlusPortals to attach files from their drive to various areas in PlusPortals (i.e. Homework submissions, E-Mail attachments, etc.).
Google Calendar
Through this integration, schools can connect a single Google Calendar account to PlusPortals and feed events from the account’s calendar(s) to the PlusPortals Calendar. This integration creates a live feed, wherein all events from the selected Google Calendar(s) are retrieved each time an individual user accesses the PlusPortals Calendar.
Google Drive and Calendar account data is accessed by PlusPortals using APIs provided by Google, Inc. These APIs enable users to log in to their Google accounts from PlusPortals.
Google account passwords are not stored in PlusPortals. When a user logs in to his/her Google account from PlusPortals, a validation token is passed from Google to PlusPortals, which provides the user with future access without the need to log in to Google each time.
Google account data is not stored in PlusPortals, with the exception of any files users attach to PlusPortals from Google Drive.
Google account data is not shared with any other third party by PlusPortals or Rediker Software, Inc.
Your Control and Choice
Our information collection, management, and disclosure practices apply to parents, teachers, administrators, and students. If you are a parent, you agree that this is acceptable for you as well as any of your children who use our PlusPortals or other online services. If you are a teacher, you agree that this is acceptable for you as well as any of your students who use our online services.
Parents are provided with online means to access, verify or update their personal/family demographic information. Options to further control our collection and use of your personal information include disabling cookies, unsubscribing to marketing emails from Rediker, and limiting the personal information you provide via our online services. You may also contact Rediker Software and/or your school to request, for example, that your personal information be deleted – subject to any mandated school data retention requirements.
Your school may use PlusPortals or its Rediker-hosted website for message posting or online discussion about issues important to your school community. Your school will decide how online forums and group pages are used, and whether they are available to students, but parents are responsible for their children’s use of them. All postings must be considered public not private communications. What is said on the Internet may be read by others, inside or outside of the school, without your knowledge. Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children online, and be sure that user names and passwords are never disclosed.
If you are the parent and guardian of a student using PlusPortals or other school-specific hosted services, and cease to agree with Rediker Software's Privacy Policy or Terms of Use at some point in the future, you may opt out in whole or in part by contacting your Subscriber’s Rediker Software administrator. (Your school is typically the subscriber to these services.) You can, for example, opt in or out of receiving email alerts when information about your child is published to PlusPortals, or having your family’s information included in directories PlusPortals shares with the school community.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Rediker Software reserves the right to make changes to this policy at any time, for any reason, and without advance notice. Therefore, we advise you to review the policy from time to time so you will be apprised of any changes. If the changes are significant, we will provide prominent notice on our sites and services, and via email in some cases. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
This policy was last modified on 8/25/15 and replaces all previous versions.
Contacting Us
If you have questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Rediker Software, Inc.
2 Wilbraham Road
Hampden, MA 01036
