HOW CUBIX USES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
This policy covers how Cubix Corporation treats personal information that Cubix collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Cubix products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This privacy policy only applies to Cubix Corporation
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Cubix does not own or control, or to people that Cubix does not employ or manage.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Cubix Corporation collects personal information when you register with Cubix.com and when you use Cubix’s online store, when you visit Cubix.com pages or the pages of certain Cubix partners.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, company/agency name, location, and applications used, and any additional information which you might deem relevant and volunteer for our use. When you register with Cubix, you are not anonymous to us.
Cubix collects information about your product purchases with us.
Cubix automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your geographical location, Google Analytics cookie information, software and hardware attributes, and the page you request.
Cubix uses information for the following general purposes: to customize any future advertising campaigns it may or may not establish as well as Cubix.com content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our products and services, contact you, and conduct market research. At this time, Cubix does not disclose this information on the cubix.com website, or to any 3rd parties, without Cubix customer consent.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Cubix does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Cubix’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Cubix is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Cubix will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cubix works with vendors, partners, and other service providers in different industries and categories of business. For more information regarding providers of products or services that you’ve requested please reference the partner links located at the Cubix home page, www.cubix.com .
COOKIES
Cubix Corporation utilizes Google Analytics in order to help us better serve the markets and industries in which it competes. If you do not want the Google Analytics cookie installed on your computer, please use your web browser’s management tools to limit or prevent cookies from being loaded on to your computer, tablet, or smart phone device.
YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES
You can edit your cubix.com account information at any time. Please contact sales@cubix.com or  customerservice@cubix.com with your account information edit request.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Cubix product(s) you have purchased, such as product or service announcements, administrative messages and the Cubix Newsletter, that are considered part of your Cubix.com account.
You can edit or cancel the cubix.com newsletter communications by e-mailing ericc@cubix.com , with the subject heading “Cancel newsletter” along with your name and e-mail address.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide Cubix products or services to you, or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Cubix Corporation may update this policy at a later date. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your cubix.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please contact us at:
Cubix Corporation
2800 Lockheed Way
Home
