Updated September 2016
We take your privacy very seriously. If you have any questions about this policy, please call Customer Care between 9am – 5pm Eastern Time at 1-866-447-8625.
This website is wholly owned, operated and published by Wyatt Investment Research (“WIR”). We have created a privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
By visiting our web site(s), you agree to the Terms & Conditions outlined within our Terms of Use Agreement , Privacy Policy and Email Policy . It is your responsibility to read and understand these documents and terms prior to reviewing any information from WIR or signing up for any free or paid subscription newsletter service.
We gather a large amount of information in order to help fulfill your requests. This information includes, but is not limited to name, email address, phone number, mobile phone number, postal address, billing address, IP address, time and date login information, and credit card information for users who elect to pay for subscriptions using a credit card. This information is used to fulfill requests and allows our staff to better serve users.
Email Address
When you subscribe, your email is added to our database and used to send you issues, alerts, special notices, and advertisements. You will receive advertisements about other products and services from WIR. You will occasionally receive emails sent from us on the behalf of third party paid advertisers. These messages are clearly marked as advertisements.
We will not sell your email address.
You can remove your email from any of our publications – or manage your delivery preferences – by using the links at the bottom of every message.
Telephone & Mobile Numbers
 When you register for a free event or subscribe, we frequently request your phone number.
We will use your telephone or mobile number to communicate about specific events. Specifically, we use this information to call or send SMS text messages to remind about important upcoming events. We will also call to include you in exclusive telephone conference call events.
Our account executives will also use your phone or mobile number to contact you and resolve any issues with your membership or account. They may also call you to discuss your account and additional products and services that may be of interest.
If you prefer not to receive calls, please let us know.
Mailing Address
Your postal mailing address will be used to fulfill your order or subscription, and to send you additional information about other products. If you do not wish to receive this information, please contact our Customer Care department.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer when you visit our web site. These cookies are designed to make your visit more convenient by storing information to improve your experience.
Information Collected by Third Parties
We may allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements on our site. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. Unless expressly stated otherwise, our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies ( www.networkadvertising.org ).
Contact Customer Care
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, or wish to change your communication preferences, please contact us directly.
Wyatt Investment Research
Attn: Customer Care
65 Railroad Street
Richmond, VT 05477
Publications
