Privacy Policy
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW ANY CONSENT PROVIDED PURSUANT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, BY SENDING AN EMAIL TO support@episodesonline.watch.
Introduction/General
This website (“we” or “us”) provides ranking and other related services (the “Services”). Protecting your privacy and personal information are of great importance to us. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you while using the Services and why, what we do with that information and how we handle the information.
Information Collected
When you are using the Services we may collect personal information you provide us such as your name, address, email address and phone number.
We do not automatically collect personal information that is not actively provided by you, including by the use of cookie files. We may collect not personally identifiable information which cannot be linked back to you, such as the type of browser you use, the way you use the Services or the amount of time you spend on our site.
Use of Information
We use information for the following general purposes: to give you access to our website, to fulfill your requests for information and Services, to improve our Services and to contact you.
Here are the ways we may use personal information you provide us:
To communicate with you about our services and related issues.
To evaluate the quality of our Services, and to enhance your experience on our site/application.
To maintain and administer our Services and comply with our legal or internal obligations and policies.
To provide other services requested by you as described when we collect the information.
To prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of the Services and any security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
To enforce our  Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other policies
To improve and optimize the Services provided to you, including the development of new tools and features.
To transfer information to others solely as described in this Privacy Policy or to satisfy our legal, regulatory, compliance, or auditing requirements.
We use your personal information to pursue our legitimate interests where your rights and freedoms do not outweigh these interests. 
Cookies
We use “cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your user account or your browser) to record log data. We use several types of cookies:
“Persistent” cookies (i.e., cookies that remain on your device until you or your browser delete them, or for the period set in the specific cookie). Such cookies are activated each time you use the Services or visit our website. Examples of how we use persistent cookies are :
User_ID: We assign and store a unique user ID in order to attribute all subsequent actions to the same user. By using these cookies we do not identify you personally or collect any of your personal information.
origin/campaign: We stores a predefined parameter associated with a specific campaign in order to display a different set of partners. By using these cookies we do not identify you personally or collect any of your personal information.
a/b test: We store a random variation identifier of an active a/b test to display consistent content / partners order for the user on the site. By using these cookies we do not identify you personally or collect any of your personal information.
Google Analytics cookie: Google Analytics cookies collect information such as: device type + browser, gender, age range, country, predefined goals set by us [clickout type (logo vs. button, etc.), product type. Please note that these cookies do not collect any information which may reasonably connect the collected information to you personally.
Cookies are required for different functions of our Services:
Analytical cookies – these cookies enable us to analyze the use of the website in order to improve the website, make it more pleasant for you to use and easier for you to find what you are looking for. Examples for such cookies include:
user_id cookies;
campaign cookies;
a/b test cookies;
Google Analytics cookie;
New Relic cookie – used to collect timings of page load events in order to measure site performance. By using these cookies we do not identify you personally or collect any of your personal information.
You are free to delete or block cookies from your device, by changing the preferences on your browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but generally provide the option to view the cookies currently stored on your device, and the choice to accept, reject or delete cookies, block third party cookies, block cookies from particular sites, accept all cookies or to receive notification when a new cookie is stored. Please see your browser’s ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu to change your cookie preferences.
Third party sites we link to may offer services to your device, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party. We do not have access or control over the cookies placed by third parties and use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies. Our site does not contain any third party cookies other than Google Analytics and New Relic cookies specified above.
Aggregated and analytical information
We may use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they may use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see the “Cookies” section in this policy).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics and we may use additional or other analytics tools, from time to time. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html .
We use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information and may share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy, because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that can be associated with you.
Third Party Sites/cookies
Some third parties’ content embedded on the Services, such as links to their websites, may allow their operators to learn that you have visited our Services, and they may combine this information with other information they have collected about your visits to other websites or online services. Please consider your selection of such applications and services and your permissions. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or employees that we do not manage. Information on our Services may contain links to third party services, websites or applications, and any information you provide to those sites and applications will be covered by any privacy policies they may have. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of any third-party applications, services and sites that you visit or provide permission to access your information. It is those third parties’ responsibility to protect any information you give them, so we will not be held liable for their wrongful use of your personally identifying information.
Sharing Your Information with Third Parties
We disclose or share your personal information with other people or companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, or under the following circumstances:
We have your explicit consent to share the information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our  Terms of Service , or as otherwise required by law.
We may transfer information that we collect if we will be acquired by or merged with another company. If that should occur, user information is typically one of the assets that get transferred. Similarly, if we or most of our assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information could be transferred or acquired. You should be aware that such events can occur, and you allow us to transfer your information in such event. If such event occurs, the buyer may continue to use your information. In such events, we will notify you before information about you is transferred and use best efforts to require our successor to comply with this privacy policy.
Please note that we generally do not collect your personal information, other than personal information actively provided by you in order to receive information from our business partners.
As per your request and consent, we may share personal information provided by you (your name, telephone number and email address) with our business partners, in order to contact you and provide you with information you requested to receive.
Transfer of Information Outside Your Jurisdiction
We may store and process information in sites located throughout the world, including in sites operated and maintained by cloud based service providers. For information on our cloud service providers and sub-processors please contact our support at support@episodesonline.watch.
When you use our Services on your computing device, such as by using one of our downloadable applications, content you save will be stored locally on that device. When you sync your computing device with the Services, that content will be replicated on servers we and our service providers maintain in different countries.
AS PART OF THE STORAGE OF YOUR INFORMATION, INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION, MAY BE TRANSFERRED ACROSS BORDERS AND FROM YOUR COUNTRY OR JURISDICTION TO OTHER COUNTRIES OR JURISDICTIONS AROUND THE WORLD. TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY UNDER EU PRIVACY LAWS AND REGULATIONS, WE WILL IMPLEMENT DATA ONWARD TRANSFER INSTRUMENTS SUCH AS APPROPRIATE DATA PROTECTION AGREEMENTS AND ADOPTION OF STRICT DATA PROTECTION PROCEDURES BY THE RECIPIENT.
Your rights
You have the right to know what personal information we maintain about you. You may, at any time, withdraw your consent for the collection, use and processing of your information, access, correct, request deletion, request restriction of our process of your personal information or object to the processing of your personal information, as set by applicable law. Please note that if you withdraw your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information, or ask us to delete or restrict how we use or process your personal information, subject to applicable law, we may not be able to provide you with all of our Services and customer support or the quality of the Services may be diminished.
Please note that there may be limits to the information we can provide. For example, we may limit an individual’s access to personal information where doing so would violate others’ rights.
Subject to the above mentioned limitations, following your request for deletion we will delete your personal information as soon as we reasonably can.
You may ask to transfer your personal information in accordance with your right to data portability.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affecting you.
If you exercise one (or more) of the above-mentioned rights, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, you may request to be informed that third parties that hold your personal information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, will act accordingly.
Information Regarding Children
We do not collect any identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If you believe that a child has provided us with personally identifiable information without the consent of his or her parent or guardian, please contact us at support@episodesonline.watch.
If we become aware that a child under age 16 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will remove it.
Complaints
You have the right to file complaints with a data protection supervisory authority.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified you provided us and by placing a prominent notice on our site, and require your consent if required by law, in light of the nature of the changes.
If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the new or modified Privacy Policy, you agree to stop using the Services or the application, as applicable.
Contact us with any questions at support@episodesonline.watch .
