Click Keep Alive to continue your session.
We're sorry, your session has expired. Please click here to start over.
 
This online privacy notice describes how Genesis FS Card Services, Inc. Genesis FS Card Services may collect, use and share information  gathered in connection with your use of this website.  Your use of this website may include, but is not limited to, a prequalification request using this website, an application for credit using this website, and/or other submission of information that you provide when you use this website.This notice is separate from and in addition to the Genesis FS Card Services Privacy Policy and the Privacy Policy and the On-Line Privacy Notice of the issuer of any credit card for which you apply via this website or another website.
Online Tracking of Your Use of Website and Information We Collect
So that we may better serve your needs, we and our third-party providers (when applicable) monitor your use of our website(s) and those of our third-party providers (when applicable). In using such website(s), you acknowledge that we do not filter traffic to block monitoring of your use in response to do-not-track signals or mechanisms external to our systems.
Genesis FS Card Services collects two types of online information: Non-Personal Information and Personal Information.
 
Change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it;
Set your browser to automatically not accept any cookies.
 
Personal Information: In addition to the information described above, we may also gather personal information that you provide, such as: your name, address, phone number, email, social-security-number, and/or date-of-birth. For example, we collect personal information when you submit a prequalification request or apply for a new program or account. We may gather your product choice or other preferences and selections along with this personal information and we may connect your personal information to the Non-Personal Information that we also gathered.
If Genesis FS Card Services has other personal information about you, or information that is publically available from other sources, we may use it in combination with the information we collect on-line.
The information collected through this website is held by Genesis FS Services.
How Does Genesis FS Card Services Use the Information We Collect
 
To recognize return visits to this site or visits to any other website that Genesis FS Card Services or its affiliates or third-party providers (when applicable) owns or operates
To provide information, products, and services that you request
To facilitate credit card prequalification requests and/or credit card applications initiated through the site
To improve your experience of the site
To contact you regarding products and services (1) that Genesis FS Card Services offers and (2) that third parties offer
To provide to third parties that may contact you regarding offers of products and services
 
Genesis FS Card Services may provide your information to third parties (unaffiliated with Genesis FS Card Services, Inc.) and our affiliates, including but not limited to selected third party marketers and vendors as well as third party contractors providing services to Genesis FS Card Services for the operation of the Site and its business, communication services, and fulfillment of orders.
Requests to Limit Sharing
To limit our sharing of your personal information, please refer to the Genesis FS Card Services Privacy Notice and the instructions provided on how to limit our sharing.
Please be aware, if you request to limit our sharing of your personal information as described in the Genesis FS Card Services Privacy Notice, but thereafter, you request a service or product that requires us to share your information with a third party to process your request, then your previous request to limit our sharing of your personal information will not apply to your request for such service or product.
Notice of Changes
From time to time, we may change this notice. The effective date of this notice, as stated below, indicates the last time this notice was revised or materially changed. Your use of the site following these changes means that you accept the revised practices.
Effective Date
Rev. 08/14
FACTS
 
Why?
 
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and transaction history
Credit History and Credit Scores
 
How?
 
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
Call 1-800-303-8341 - our menu will prompt you through your choice(s)
Mail the form below.
Please note:
 
Mark any/all you want to limit:
Do not share information about my creditworthiness with your affiliates for their everyday business purposes.
Do not allow your affiliates to use my personal information to market to me.
Do not share my personal information with nonaffiliates to market their products and services to me.
Name
Genesis FS Card Services
How does Genesis FS Card Services protect my information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Genesis FS Card Services collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Request to be pre-qualified for a credit product
we also collect your personal information from others, such as credit reporting agencies, affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
 
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Genesis Financial Solutions and Genesis lending Services
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we share with can include other financial companies and nonfinancial companies such as retailers, marketing companies and service providers.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
 
Other important information
 
CA, ND, and VT residents: To the extent that related state law applies, we will not disclose information about you to anyone other than our affiliates without your express authorization except as required or permitted by law
©2018  Genesis FS Card Services Inc., All Rights Reserved.
 
