Jump to ▼
Jump to ▲
Introduction
National Council of State Boards of Nursing, Inc. ("NCSBN") acknowledges how important it is to protect the privacy of Users who visit NCSBN websites, affiliates, and applications  (herein after, this "Site" unless otherwise specifically identified) and linked websites.
Information We Collect
NCSBN collects user-identified information ("Personal Information") for the purposes of granting access to various NCSBN applications, maintaining NCSBN’s internal and external membership database, accessing licensure and discipline information, information from the Nursys database, obtaining licensure endorsement and for email delivery of NCSBN communications.
NCSBN collects Personal Information through the Site User Profile feature (when applicable) or obtained from Users of the Nursys website seeking licensure, discipline and endorsement information. Usage information is also collected through monitoring regular use of the Site. This usage information is used to assist NCSBN in understanding usage of the Site and technology used to access the Site. Personal information shall be maintained in confidence by NCSBN. NCSBN will not lease, rent, sell, or disclose any Personal Information or usage information about any User to  third-parties, except as described herein. NCSBN supplies personal identifying information to other NCSBN websites, which in some cases may be hosted and maintained by third-parties, for the purposes of providing access to these Sites and providing subscription preferences for email communications of NCSBN news and/or Site activities. NCSBN may use aggregate de-identified Personal Information for research purposes.
Personal Information Collected via Technology
When visiting and using our Site, some information is automatically collected, such as your IP address, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access, “referring URL” (i.e., the page from which you navigated to our Site), the pages or areas you navigate to on Site and from which you leave the Site as well as the time you spend using the Site. We collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs and cookies. We use passively-collected information to administer, operate, and improve our  Site and Services, and to provide services and content that are tailored to meet User interests and needs. If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under this policy. Otherwise, we use information collected by passive means in aggregate only. This usage data is used to assist NCSBN in understanding usage of the Site and what technology can be supported. Also, please be aware that third parties may set cookies on your hard drive or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their services or content. We do not have access to, or control over, these third-party means of passive data collection.
Collection of Voluntarily Provided Information
We collect Personal Information that Users voluntarily provide to us in a variety of ways on the Site (when applicable). For instance, when Users create or update a User Profile, post information for other users, request help or support, or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the Personal Information that is provided to us.
Use of Personal Information on Message Boards, Page Comments and Photos
On an applicable Site, NCSBN will collect content provided by Users and identifying Personal Information from the use of Site message boards, page commenting, user ratings and photos (collectively referred to a "Community Features"). We use Personal Information to provide services and information to operate and maintain Community Features, prevent fraudulent use of Community Features, provide customized information and content, maintain a record of our dealings with Users and for other administrative purposes. NCSBN may use content posted by Users of Community Features in promotional collateral used to promote the Site. For example, we may reproduce a User rating and comment about a course offering and may also display Personal Information posted with that User rating and comment. Once Users register and sign in to the Site, they are not anonymous to us. If Users are browsing the Site without registering with the Site, they are anonymous to us, but we will collect the information listed under the section titled “Personal Information Collected via Technology.” Any visitor to the Site can view account information and posted or uploaded content to Community Features. Users can control what part of the information of their account is visible to visitors of the Site and the network of Users that can view information posted. Please be aware that any information that is publicly posted throughout the Site can be accessed by every visitor of the Site.
Email Communications Choice/Opt-Out
All subscription-based NCSBN email communications provide users with a link to unsubscribe to the service. Users can also request via email ( communications@ncsbn.org ) the removal of their information from our database and/or to not receive future communications.
Email Communications
All subscription-based NCSBN email communications provide users with a link to modify subscription preferences. Users can also request changes or modification to information previously provided via email ( communications@ncsbn.org ). Users may correct, update and delete their User profile information on the Site at any time by modifying their profile forms. Users can also request assistance in making changes to information previously provided via email ( privacy@ncsbn.org ) or phone ( 312.525.3749 ).  Users can request via email ( privacy@ncsbn.org ) or phone ( 312.525.3749 ) the removal of their information from our database and/or to not receive future communications.
Confidentiality and Security
NCSBN has implemented various measures to protect against the misuse and alteration of any information under NCSBN's control. Information provided to NCSBN is encrypted to protect the integrity of the data as it travels the Internet, provided your browser supports this. Such security is not impenetrable, and therefore NCSBN cannot guarantee that no loss, misuse, or alteration of information on the Site will occur. NCSBN and its third-party licensor's are not responsible for any damage incurred by any such security failures. We limit access to Personal Information about Users to employees and third parties who we reasonably believe need access to that information to provide products or services to Users or to do their jobs.
Information Security Management Program
NCSBN’s Information Security Management Program is aligned with the Security and Privacy Controls for Federal Information Systems and Organizations. NCSBN uses the National Institute of Standards and Technologies (NIST) 800-53, moderate-impact security controls framework for its information security to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information that is processed, stored and transmitted by NCSBN’s information systems. Please visit the NIST website for additional information on the NIST 800-53 framework.
NCSBN has corporate security policies, procedures and contractual security requirements that promote the protection of intellectual property, employee and customer personal information, proper data security and data handling procedures, and data transmissions. NCSBN also performs assessments, audits, penetration tests, and vulnerability scans to help assure NIST 800-53, moderate-impact security control compliance.
Credit Card Processing
A credit card processing company is used to process credit cards. Credit card information provided by Site Users will be used only for billing purposes and will not be provided to any third party.
Nursys.com is PCI complaint as designated by Trustwave.
Information Sharing and Disclosure to Third Parties
NCSBN does not rent or sell Personal Information about Users to other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services requested, when we have your permission, or as otherwise described in this privacy policy. We provide Personal Information to third parties who work on behalf of or with NCSBN under confidentiality agreements. These third-parties will not use your Personal Information to communicate with you about offers from the service providers themselves.
Personal Information entered by Users of the Nursys website to obtain endorsements or licensure information from the Nursys database shall be maintained in confidence by NCSBN and will not be disclosed or shared with other organizations. NCSBN may identify registered organizations as recipients of services in presentations, promotional materials and press releases.
We will disclose Personal Information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may disclose such Personal Information, if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected illegal activities or fraud, situations involving the physical safety of any person, violations of NCSBN Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
The Site may contain links to other websites outside our control. NCSBN is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Regarding Children Under 13
The Site is not marketed to children under the age of 13 and we do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of 13. NCSBN is committed to protecting the privacy of children and if NCSBN becomes aware that such Personal Information was collected, it will treat that Personal Information as sensitive.
Agreement with Privacy Policy
By subscribing for the email communication service, registering and/or logging onto  Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of the Privacy Policy and any modifications thereof and that you release and hold harmless NCSBN, its directors and employees from any and all claims arising from the loss, misuse or alteration of Personal Information posted by you.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please contact us via email ( privacy@ncsbn.org ) or phone ( 312.525.3749 ).
Last Updated: 5/18/2016
