PRIVACY POLICY
ERA Spółka z o.o., the operator of the www.era.com.pl website, following the entry into application on 25 May 2018 of the REGULATION (EU) No 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) informs, pursuant to Art. 13 of the Regulation No 2016/679, that: 
ERA Sp. z o.o., with its registered office in Chorzów (postal code 41-500), ul. Katowicka 16B, is the Data Controller of your personal data.
Contact with the Personal Data Controller – ado(at)era.com.pl
your personal data, if provided, will be processed for the purpose of making contact pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation of 27 April 2016 as a legitimate interest of the controller
the recipients of your personal data are limited exclusively to entities authorised to obtain personal data under the law and entities involved in the contact
your personal data will be stored for the period of 2 years or until the withdrawal of consent
you have the right to request from the data controller the right to access personal data, the right to request rectification, erasure or restriction of processing
you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
the provision of personal data is voluntary, however, failure to provide the data may result in the inability to make contact.
Your rights deriving from the Regulation No 2016/679:
the right to request from the controller access to and rectification of your data, if the data are inaccurate or incomplete,
the right to request restriction of processing data, erasure of data as well as the right to data portability,
the right to object to data processing,
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority,
the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before its withdrawal (this may result, however, in the inability to perform the agreement or limit the scope of its performance).
Data obtained in the analysis of server logs (IP address, domain) are used only for viewing statistics on the www.era.com.pl website and for the purpose of ERA’s server administration.
The www.era.com.pl website uses cookies. Cookie is a small information file stored on your computer by the server of ERA Spółka z o.o. company. This information can be read by ERA’s server during a connection to www.era.com.pl website made from this computer. Using ‘cookies’ does not allow to retrieve any personal, address or confidential data from the user’s computer.
To implement the provisions of the Regulation No 2018/679, the Data Controller introduced a Personal Data Protection Policy in ERA Sp. z o.o. and appointed a Personal Data Protection Supervisor to supervise and carry out all tasks related to the protection of personal data. In case of any additional questions related to the privacy policy, please contact us at ado(at)era.com.pl .
Head office
Copyright: ERA Sp. z o.o.
