Tickera LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://tickera.com website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
 
Definitions
Personal Data - Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data - Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies - Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller - Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers) - Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject - Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
 
Information Collection And Use
 
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Phone number
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
 
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
 
Retention of Data
Tickera LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
 
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
 
Business Transaction
If Tickera LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Tickera LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Tickera LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Tickera LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
 
Security Of Data
 
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
 
Your Rights
Tickera LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
 
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
 
We are using hosting services provided by the following companies:
Media Temple - their privacy policy can be viewed here  https://mediatemple.net/legal/privacy-policy
DigitalOcean - their privacy policy can be viewed here https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy/
 
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
 
Behavioral Remarketing
Tickera LLC uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:  http://www.google.com/settings/ads  Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on -  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout  - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:  http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Twitter Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.You can opt-out from Twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions:  https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405  You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page:  https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:  https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950  To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217  Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA  http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada  http://youradchoices.ca/  or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe  http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ , or opt-out using your mobile device settings.For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy:  https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
 
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Stripe Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at  https://stripe.com/us/privacy
 
Technical Support
In order to provide our customers with technical support and general inquiries, we may use services provided by third party.
Support platform is provided by:
 
MaxCDN - Their privacy policy can be viewed at  https://www.maxcdn.com/legal/
Sucuri (subsidiary of Go Daddy Operating Company LLC) - Their privacy policy can be viewed at  https://sucuri.net/privacy
 
 
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
 
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
 
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email (if you are subscribed to our newsletter) and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
 
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: info@tickera.com
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer directly at dpo@tickera.com
To contact our representatives in the EU: eu-dataprotection@tickera.com
 
﻿
Subscribe to our newsletter
Join our newsletter to stay on top of Tickera news & updates!
I agree to privacy policy and want to receive Tickera newsletter
Leave Us A Message!
