I. The Information We Collect
We receive both information that is directly provided to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit the Site, and information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all of this as the “Information”.1. Information You Provide To Us. In some areas of the Site, you can register, order products, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in our community. In the course of these various offerings, we often seek to collect from you various forms of information, such as: name, address, or e- mail address.
2. Information That is Passively or Automatically Collected. We, and our “Partners” who include Site affiliates, third-party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and distribution or other partners may use automated means to collect various types of Information about you, your computer or other device used to access our
Site. A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers, mobile network, device identifiers (such as an Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID), device settings, browser settings, the web pages you have visited, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the Site (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.
Please see our section titled Cookies, and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies for more information about how the foregoing Information may be collected and used.
3. Information Collected By and From Social Media Services and Other Third- Party Platforms. You also can engage with our content, such as video, games, applications, and other offerings, on or through social media services or other third-party platforms, such as Facebook, or other third-party social media plugins, integrations and applications. When you engage with our content on or through social media services or other third-party platforms, plugins, integrations or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain Information in your profile. For a description on how social media services and other third-party platforms, plugins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
II. How We Use the Information
We, along with our Partners, may use the Information to:
1. provide and communicate with you about the Site or your account with us,
2. fulfill your requests regarding the Site, including without limitation requests for newsletters and notifications,
3. respond to your inquiries,
4. enforce the legal terms (including without limitation our policies and terms of service) that govern your use of our Site, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the Information,
5. provide technical support for the Site,
6. prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities on or through the Site,
7. protect the safety of our Users,
8. customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of the Site or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms or services, and analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them,
9. perform analysis regarding how you use the Site or any part thereof,
When you provide information about yourself to us through a third-party application or plugin, through our Site, it may be publicly viewed by other members of these services and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third-parties.
We or a Partner may use “cookies” or similar technologies to associate certain of the Information with a unique identifier that then associates the Information with your device or browser.
For information about how these technologies work and how we may use them, please see our section titled Cookies, and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies.
Sometimes, we may associate cookies with the Information, including de-identified, “hashed,” or anonymous versions of Information you have provided (such as during registration), in order to send or help our Partners send ads and offers based on your presumed interests or demographic information.
If you register and create a profile with our Site, the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile (e.g., photos, comments, video, reviews) will be displayed publicly on the Site, is searchable, can be found by third-parties and may be reused and redistributed by us in our sole discretion.
III. Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may disclose the Information as follows:
1. To service providers or Partners that we have engaged to perform business- related functions on our behalf.
This may include service providers that: (a) conduct research and analytics; (b) create content; (c) provide customer, technical or operational support; (d) conduct or support marketing (such as email or advertising platforms); (e) fulfill orders and user requests; (f) handle payments; (g) host our Site and online community; (h) administer contests; (i) maintain databases; (j) send or support online or mobile advertising; and (k) otherwise support our Site.
2. In response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, a law enforcement or government agency’s request or similar request.
3. With third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action (in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the Site, or violations of our policies, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Site.
4. We may transfer some or all of your Information if we, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, or if a substantial portion of our or of a business unit’s assets is sold or merged in this way.
Please note that the Site may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, promotions, games, applications, or social network integrations) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain information from their visitors. We have no control over these third parties’ use of this information, which is subject to their own privacy policies.
IV. Cookies and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies
We use cookies and other technologies both to provide our Site to you and to advertise to you. We also may work with Partners to help them advertise to you when you visit other websites or mobile applications, and to help them perform user analytics. These technologies may also be used to analyze how our Users interact with advertising on our Site and elsewhere, and more generally, to learn more about our Users and what services or offers you might prefer to receive. We describe some of these technologies below.
1. Cookies. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are sent to your browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device when you visit a website. The cookies send information back to the originating website or another website that recognizes that cookie.
We use cookies for purposes such as improving the functionality of our website, to understand site usage and to improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Site, save your password in password-protected areas, or save settings you may have made on the Site. We also may use cookies to help us offer you products, programs, or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising.
Advertising cookies may be placed by third parties such as advertisers, ad platforms and their agents, and can be permanent or temporary cookies. In short, they are related to advertising services provided by third parties on our website.
For visitors generating from the EU and EEA, advertising cookies are automatically not used for personalization and all advertising on the site will be generic and non-targeted.
For more information on cookies, please visit our Cookie Policy.
2. Syncing Cookies and Identifiers. We may work with our Partners (for instance,third-party ad platforms) to synchronize unique, anonymous identifiers (such as those associated with cookies) in order to match our Partners’ uniquely coded user identifiers to our own. We may do this, for instance, to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device, and thus enable us or others to send ads that are more relevant, match Users to their likely product interests, or better synchronize, cap, or optimize advertising.
For visitors generating from the EU and EEA, advertising cookies are automatically not used for personalization and all advertising on the site will be generic and non-targeted.
3. Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of the Site may be inoperable.
We may work with certain third-party companies that use techniques other than HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Site. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques. To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA’s opt-out program, please go to  http://www.aboutads.info .
4. Web Beacons. We and our Partners may also use “web beacons” or clear GIFs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on the Site or in an email, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing the Site or email. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing the Site. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.).
By visiting the Site, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, and agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the Site through the technologies described above, as well as similar technologies developed in the future, and that we may use such tracking technologies in the emails we send to you.
Our unaffiliated Partners and third parties may themselves set and access their own tracking technologies when you visit our Services and they may have access to information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites or applications when you use the Site. Their use of such tracking technologies is not in our control and is subject to their own privacy policies.
V. Your Ad Choices
Advertising enables us to provide the content on the Site and to provide much of this content free of cost to our Users. Thus, we strive to provide you with ads that are relevant to you and for products you may want.
However, you can find more information about entities involved in online advertising and to know your choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ ) and the Digital Advertising Alliance ( http://optout.aboutads.info ).
The tools provided on the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out pages are provided by third parties, not the Site. The Site does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
VI. Other Important Information About Your Privacy
1. How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals. At this time the Site does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.
2. Linked Services. The site may contain links to or integrations with other services such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and other media services and platforms whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult these other services’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
3. International Transfer. This Site is governed by and operated in accordance with US law. If you are located outside of the US, you use this Site at your own risk. We operate globally so it is necessary to transfer your Information internationally. In particular, your Information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate. By using this Site, you (a) acknowledge that the data protection and other laws of other countries, such as the United States, may provide a less comprehensive or protective standard of protection than those in your country, and consent to your Information being collected, processed and transferred as set forth in this Privacy Policy and US law.
4. Data Security. There are physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the Information we collect online. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the Information that we collect and store. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Information, we cannot assure you that Information will never be disclosed, altered or destroyed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
5. How You Can Access or Correct Information. Access to certain personal Information that is collected from the Site and that we maintain may be available to you. For example, if you created a password-protected account within our Site, you can access that account to review the Information you provided.
You may also send an e-mail to info (at) southernplate.com requesting access to or correction of your personal Information. Please include your registration information such as first name, last name and e-mail address in the request.
We may ask you to provide additional information for identity verification purposes, or to verify that you are in possession of an applicable email account.
6. How to Contact Us/Opting Out of Marketing Communications. If you have any questions or concerns about the online Privacy Policy for this Site or its
implementation, you may contact us at info (at) southernplate.com.
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this Site, follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this Site.
VII. Children’s Privacy
The Site does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you
are a parent or guardian and are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that Children under 13 have provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information immediately.
Southern Plate Terms and Conditions Disclosure (“Agreement”)
This Agreement was last modified on February 23, 2018.
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Agreement”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using https://www.southernplate.com (“the Site”) operated by Southern  Plate (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at https://www.southernplate.com. By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property:
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Southern Plate and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination:
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites:
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Southern Plate. Southern Plate has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Limited License:
Southern Plate grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to use the Site in accordance with this Agreement.
Limitation Of Liability:
In no event shall Southern Plate, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the Site, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, losses, liability costs and expenses, including but not limited to attorney’s fees, arising from your violation of any third-party’s rights.
Warranty Disclaimer:
Your use of this site, SouthernPlate.com, is at your sole risk. This site is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. This site is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Southern Plate, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Site will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Site is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Site will meet your requirements.
Nutritional Information:
Southern Plate is not responsible for nutritional information. Calorie information may be given but is a very rough approximation. Based on what ingredients are specifically used to re-create each recipe, the caloric outcome and other nutritional values will vary greatly. Consult your nutritionist and doctor for specific dietary guidelines and specific nutritional information.
Governing Law:
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Alabama, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement:
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
Christy Jordan
ALL CONTENT PROTECTED UNDER THE DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT. CONTENT THEFT, EITHER PRINT OR ELECTRONIC, IS A FEDERAL OFFENSE.
PLEASE do not copy recipes and post on your site or use my photos without permission (see above legal notice).
