 
 
 
 
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, prior to using the Service, and/or accessing the Site.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cookies -
 
 
 
 
 
 
Log Files -
 
 
 
Pixels -
 
Our third-party partners/service providers may also use cookies, scripts, web beacons or other technologies for the purpose of targeting; tracking and analyzing your use of the Site or Service; and/or providing you with content, as follows:
Analytics
We work with companies that provide services which help us analyze your use of our Site or Service, for internal purposes, and to (anonymously) collect information about your online usage activities across our Site or Service.
The analytics providers with whom we work include, but are not limited to, the companies listed below (for more information, please click on the selected partner’s name to review its privacy policy) –
 
Social Buttons, Widgets, Applications and other Content
We may implement a social button, “widget” or other content from a third party on our Site or Service which allow interaction or content sharing. Your interaction with such, typically allows the third party to collect some information about you. In some cases, the third party may recognize you through its widgets/buttons/etc. even when you do not interact with the widget/button/etc., but visit a web page or use a Service with the widget/button/etc.
We allow social buttons, applications, and widgets from the partners listed below (for more information, please click on the selected partner’s name to review its privacy policy) –
Advertising and Targeting
We allow certain companies to serve advertisements and/or personalized content and collect information within our Site or Service. These companies include third party ad servers, ad agencies, technology vendors, providers of sponsored content, research firms, and other companies that help us provide more effective advertising.
The providers with whom we work include, but are not limited to, the companies listed below (for more information, please click on the selected partner’s name to review its privacy policy) –
Information you provide to us -
In addition to the information we collect automatically, we may ask you to provide Personal Information if you sign up for the Service or otherwise communicate or interact with us.
 
 
 
 
 
 
To any current or future affiliates, parent companies, or subsidiaries.
To vendors, service providers, agents, contractors, or others who perform functions (e.g., maintenance, data analysis, customer relationship management, email marketing, surveys, credit card processing, data hosting, or fraud detection) on our behalf.
 
 
 
 
 
Through our Service, we may provide advertisements to you based on your recent browsing behavior. In order to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested, we may use cookies, JavaScript and other technologies.
 
 
We will provide reasonable opportunity for individuals to access, update, or delete Personal Information about them that we have in our possession. We will not use Personal Information provided to us for purposes incompatible with the purpose for which it was provided without obtaining authorization from the subject of the information.
Individuals’ principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)     the right to access;
(b)     the right to rectification;
(c)      the right to erasure;
(d)     the right to restrict processing;
(e)     the right to object to processing;
(f)      the right to data portability;
(g)     the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)     the right to withdraw consent.
 
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your Personal Information and, where we do, access to the Personal Information, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned and the recipients of the Personal Information. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your Personal Information. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
Right to Erasure - In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your Personal Information. Those circumstances include: The Personal Information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed.
There are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection.
Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your Personal Information. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)     consent; or
(b)     that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
            and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your Personal Information from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your Personal Information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
***You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your Personal Information or send us an inquiry regarding your Privacy Rights and Choices by filling the following form
Please note that -
It may take time to process email requests consistent with applicable law (but no longer than 30 days after receipt of a request); and
 
In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Personal Information you have submitted through the Service. We are under no obligation to store such Personal Information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such Personal Information.
In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
Managing Cookies (“Opt-Out”)
If you do not want to receive interest-based ads displayed by us or otherwise object to collection of information based on our use of cookies, you can disable or delete them.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Service is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under 13, we will not use or maintain his/her Personal Information without the parent/guardian’s consent. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to admin@gomovix.com .
 
 
