Online Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice describes how we handle your personal information for our services on the DOD Tech USA Inc. websites. It is always our aim to protect and respect our customers’ privacy privilege in the safest manner possible.
Collection
You can browse our site and stay anonymous. Once you provide us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.
We may collect and store the following personal information:
email address, physical contact information, and (depending on the service used) sometimes financial information, such as credit card or bank account numbers
transactional information based on your activities on the sites
shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item
information from other companies, such as demographic and navigation data
other supplemental information from third parties to prevent fraudulent activities
Marketing
DOD Tech USA Inc. does not resell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising. If you do not wish to enroll in such services, please contact our customer service to have your information removed.
Use
Our primary intention to collect personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Under your consent, you agree that we may use your personal information to:
provide the services and customer support you request
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Uses
customize, measure and improve our services, content and advertising
compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information in respondent to legal requirements, enforce our policies, or protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We may also share your personal information with:
Service providers under contract who assist with our business operations (such as fraud investigations, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs).
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service).
Law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity. In such events, we will disclose information relevant to the investigation, such as name, city, state, postal code, telephone number, email address, User ID history, IP address, fraud complaints, and order details.
Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement, other government officials, or other third parties without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity. If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet café, certain information about you, such as your User ID, activity, may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” (small files placed on your hard drive) on certain pages to help analyze our web page flow; customize our services, content and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
A few important things you should know about cookies are that:
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies.
We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status.
Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services.
Account Protection
Your account is governed by the usage of the personal password. Please use a combination of letters, numbers and/or special characters to maximize your password security. In addition, do not disclose this information by writing it down or store it in any public place. If you do share your password or your personal information with others, you are responsible for all actions take in the name of your account, especially financially. If you ever lose your password, you may lose substantial control over your information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. However, DOD Tech USA Inc. does still require you to contact us immediately at customer service in the cases of password loss, so defensive actions may be taken to protect your information at earliest possible.
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
Any registered user can review and modify his/her personal information by log into his/her account. In general, DOD Tech USA Inc. will not manually modify any of your personal information. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Upon terminating your account at DOD Tech USA Inc., we ask you to log into your account and remove any personal and financial information (if stored). We only retain personal information from closed accounts primarily to complete an order or to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, and other actions otherwise permitted by law.
Security
Your information is stored on our secured servers. We treat any data (collected or inputted) as an asset that must be protected through the implements of encryption, passwords, physical security, etc. to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, when browsing on the worldwide web, information security may be jeopardized in numerous ways of viruses, Trojans, hacking tools. In addition, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site. Therefore, although we work intensively to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Third Parties
Please be aware of that this Privacy Notice only governs the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. These guidelines do not include to protect the information exchanged you incur when visiting any third party websites (via our webpage). DOD Tech USA Inc. does not control the privacy policies on other sites throughout the internet, and other conditions may be applied differently from us. You are subject to the privacy policies of those third party websites where applicable. We encourage you to use your discretion carefully when visiting these third party websites and when your personal information are requested to be submitted for unknown and unauthorized activities.
General
We may modify this Privacy Notice at any time, at our discretion by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect immediately after they posted. For any further questions, please contact info@dod-tech.us for details.
Back to top
