Scope and Consent
By using any PayCo Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
By using any PayCo Services through access of the website, registered accounts, or usage of features, technologies or functions available on our website, you are automatically bound by this Privacy Policy and all documents incorporated by reference. If you do not agree with any part of this agreement or do not want to be bound by this agreement, you may opt not to use any PayCo Services and other merchandise.
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time without notice to you. The amended version is effective at the time of posting on the site. In addition, if the amended version includes a significant change, we will notify you with a 30 days prior notice by posting notice of change under the "Policy Updates" page of our website. After this 30 day notice period, you will be considered as having understood and consented to all changes to this policy.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” shall mean any information that can be used to identify you.
All personal information shall only be collected, used, and disclosed in accordance to this Privacy Policy, as authorized by the appropriate law, and with your consent.
Your consent to the collection of your personal information may be express or implied, depending on the situation.
In case of need for the collection of personal information that is not indicated in this Privacy Policy, we will send you a notification that asks for your consent.
Information Collected
Automatically Provided Information which are website traffic information such as IP address, browser type, internet service provider, device ID, links, approximate location, cookies, timestamps, and other metadata.
User Provided Information which are all information provided by you, the user. These information includes contact information (name, address, email, mobile number,etc.), financial information (bank account number and credit card number that is linked to your PayCo account), and other information (birthday, IDs, identifying documents, etc.)
Third-party information which are information which may be obtained from third parties such as identity verification services, credit bureaus, social media sites.
Please take note that third-party information are subject to variation and is controlled by the third-party site. All information collected from third-parties may be collected, used, and disclosed by PayCo in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of Information
PayCo shall use all information collected in the following ways.
To provide an efficient, safe, and personalized payment service experience to you.
To operate, maintain, and improve PayCo services.
To provide support for clients in order to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and give customized customer service.
To process transactions, provide receipts, generate reports, collect fees, and send notices about your transactions.
To verify your identity and authenticate your registration.
To contact you about things that concern you such as account changes, PayCo promotions, service updates, etc.
To detect and prevent malicious activities such as money laundering, fraud, and other criminal activities.
To conduct administrative and operational functions.
All uses of collected information shall be in accordance to this Privacy Policy and all appropriate laws.
Sharing with Third Parties
PayCo does not disclose any client’s personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
We may disclose personal information with the following.
Other PayCo members that may relate to the service requested, to help facilitate and complete transactions and to allow members to contact each other.
Law enforcements and government officials conducting criminal investigations in compliance with our Privacy Policy and laws.
Financial institutions that we have joint-promotions with. Information supplied to them will only be used for marketing of PayCo-related products.
Credit bureaus and collection agencies that need the account information for reports in accordance to the law.
Select business partners, local or international, that we have merged with or will be acquired by.
Other third parties which will use the information for any of the following: fraud prevention, risk management, shipping, legal compliance, customer service, and service provision.
Other third parties with your consent.
Protection of Information
PayCo uses extra security measures such as two-factor authentication, firewalls, and data encryption.
Access to Information
You are allowed to access your personal information with us anytime.
PayCo will need to verify your identity.
PayCo may charge you with fees to access your information. For example, if you want to obtain a copy of any documents, transaction, or identification, the fee will cover the cost of processing them.
Contact Us
You may contact us for any concerns that you may have through our contact details which may be found in our Contact Us page (https://www.pay.co/contact-us)
Your Privacy Rights
PayCo Fundamental Principles on Privacy Policy:
We DO NOT solicit any member`s personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and will only disclose a member`s personal information congruent with our Privacy Policy or with a member`s absolute consent. We share members personal information with other members that may relate to the service requested, to help facilitate and complete transactions and to allow members to contact each other.
We coordinate with requests from law enforcements and government officials which conducts criminal investigations in compliance with our Privacy Policy to help keep our community safe. We provide options to members on how they wish to be contacted. Should there be any changes in our Privacy Policy, we give our members prior notice before change is being amended.
We let our members change or update their personal information to keep it up to date. PayCo and its affiliates are required to protect personal information in accordance with these fundamental principles of Privacy Policy.
We believe that the privacy and security of personal information is everyone`s responsibility. We use the latest secure and standard technology to protect our website and expect our members to cooperate by utilizing our FAQ`s, tutorials and technology to help manage their privacy.
We encourage our members to contact us should they have any questions, comments and suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy by clicking on the "Contact Us" tab and we provide options on how they can communicate to us.
