Privacy Policy
Welcome to https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com (the “Site”). We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com (collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”).
“Personally Identifiable Information”
refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, and the nature and size of the inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase.
What organizations are collecting the information?
In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google, which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn’t cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
With whom may the information be shared?
Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com except for use as indicated above.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at bruce@israel-travel-secrets.com
Are Cookies Used on the Site?
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. How does https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com use login information? https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site?
https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors. Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
The search box on this web site (“Search Box”) is powered by Google Inc (“Google”). You acknowledge and agree that Google’s privacy policy (located at http://www.google.com/privacy.html) shall apply to your use of the Search Box and by using the Search Box you consent to Google using your personal data in accordance with its privacy policy.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at bruce@israel-travel-secrets.com
Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?
We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting bruce@israel-travel-secrets.com. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor’s entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.
Links:
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements
of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third-party companies to serve ads and collect non-personally identifiable information, click here
“https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com”
© 20011-2016 https://www.israel-travel-secrets.com. All rights reserved. Unauthorized duplication or publication of any materials from this Site is expressly prohibited.
 
Sharing Our Passion for Israel
Welcome to Israel Travel Secrets.
Lisa & Bruce are a team of online entrepreneurs living in Israel and the US, with a simple desire to share their passion for Israel with fellow world travelers.
Lisa & Bruce share their love for Israel with you the readers through their own personal travel experiences and encounters with the amazing and diverse people of Israel.
We hope you enjoy your journey!
RECENT POSTS
