Esta página solo está disponible en inglés
Selecione Cancele para permanecer en esta página o Continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español.
FACTS
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and employment information
Account balances and transaction history
Credit history and investment experience
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Wells Fargo chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Wells Fargo share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes — such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes — with service providers we use to offer our products and services to you (please see below to limit the ways in which we contact you)
Yes
No
No
Yes
No
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
Call 1-888-528-8460 — our menu will prompt you through your choices.
Online banking customers — log on to a secure session at wellsfargo.com, select Security & Support menu -> Change Privacy Preferences.
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we can continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
To limit direct marketing
To limit our direct marketing to you by mail or telephone, call 1-888-528-8460 — our menu will guide you through your choices.
Online banking customers — log on to a secure session at wellsfargo.com, select Security & Support menu -> Change Privacy Preferences.
Please note:
A Do Not Call election is effective for five years, or while you are an active consumer customer, if longer than five years. The Do Not Mail election is effective for three years. You may continue to receive marketing information in regular account mailings and statements when you visit us online or at an ATM. You may also be contacted to service your account or participate in surveys. If you have an assigned client manager or team, they may continue to contact you to assist you in managing your portfolio or account relationship.
Questions?
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Wells Fargo U.S. companies that use Wells Fargo in their names, except for entities and businesses that provide their own notice, and other companies listed in the Wells Fargo U.S. legal entities and businesses section below.
What we do
How does Wells Fargo protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. For more information, visit wellsfargo.com/privacy-security
How does Wells Fargo collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your accounts
Apply for a loan or use your credit or debit card
Seek advice about your investment
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply individually unless you tell us otherwise. Any account holder may express a privacy preference on behalf of the other joint account holders.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Our affiliates include financial companies with Wells Fargo in their name such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Wells Fargo does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
Wells Fargo does not jointly market.
Other important information
Important notice about credit reporting: We may report information about your account(s) to credit bureaus and/or consumer reporting agencies. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account(s) may be reflected in your credit report and/or consumer report.
Do Not Call Policy: This Privacy Policy constitutes Wells Fargo’s Do Not Call Policy under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act for all consumers. Wells Fargo maintains an internal Do Not Call preference list. Do Not Call requests will be honored within 30 days and will be effective for at least five years from the date of request. No telemarketing calls will be made to residential or cellular phone numbers that appear on the Wells Fargo Do Not Call list.
Nevada residents: We are providing you this notice pursuant to state law. You may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by following the directions in the To limit direct marketing section. For more information, contact us at 1-800-869-3557; nevadanoticeinfo@wellsfargo.com, or Wells Fargo, P.O. Box 5110, Sioux Falls, SD 57117-5110. Or, contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; 702-486-3132; aginfo@ag.nv.gov.
Vermont: We automatically treat customers with a Vermont mailing address as having limited sharing with our affiliates as provided above.
Trust or fiduciary accounts: Trust or fiduciary accounts for which Wells Fargo is the trustee or service provider, including employer-sponsored retirement accounts, are protected under special rules of confidentiality. Information on these accounts is not shared for marketing purposes without specific consent.
Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC Financial Advisors: If your Financial Advisor’s affiliation with Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC ends and they join a non-affiliated securities broker-dealer, your Financial Advisor may be permitted to use limited information to contact you to join their new firm, as a usual means to continue to service and maintain your accounts.  The information they may use is limited to your name, address, email address, phone number, and account title.
Wells Fargo U.S. legal entities and businesses covered by this notice
Wells Fargo U.S. banks except banks and businesses listed below as having their own privacy notice and companies with “Wells Fargo” in their names, including Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC; Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, doing business as Wells Fargo Advisors or as First Clearing; Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., doing business as Flatiron Capital; as well as American Mortgage Network, LLC, doing business as Vertice; and Abbot Downing, a Wells Fargo business.
The following legal entities and businesses are not covered by this notice and have separate privacy notices:
Wells Fargo Retail Services, a division of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
The Wells Fargo Advantage Funds
Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC
Any insurance company, insurance agency or other company that has its own privacy notice or policy
businesses that have provided a separate privacy notice governing specified accounts or relationships
Investment products and services are offered through Wells Fargo Advisors. Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (WFCS) and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC, Members SIPC , separate registered broker-dealers and non-bank affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company.
Wells Fargo Asset Management is a trade name used by the asset management businesses of Wells Fargo & Company. Wells Fargo Funds Management, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Wells Fargo & Company, provides investment advisory and administrative services for Wells Fargo Funds. Other affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company provide subadvisory and other services for the funds. The funds are distributed by Wells Fargo Funds Distributor, LLC, Member FINRA , an affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. 242059 04-16
Privacy Notice
