Privacy Policy
This website ("WaysideGardens.com") is owned by JPPA, Inc. It is our policy
to protect your personal information and to use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please take a few moments to review our Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Wayside Gardens asks you to provide certain personally identifiable information in order to use certain "Password Required" features and functions of the website. By providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Policy.
The information you provide may include information provided during the registration process, including contact information, such as your name, address and email address, and financial information, such as a credit card number, if you order products or services through the website. This information will be used to process your order and if necessary, to contact you regarding the status of your order.
Information that you provide is the property of Wayside Gardens Company, Inc. All of the information that you provide may be used by Wayside Gardens to better serve you. Wayside Gardens may also use this information to contact you about new specials, catalogs, products and other opportunities. Ways we use information include:
You can contact Wayside Gardens directly with questions or comments regarding the services by using the Wayside Gardens contact inquiry form. This contact inquiry form asks you for certain identifying information so that Wayside Gardens may respond to your inquiry.
Wayside Gardens may use your contact information to get in touch with you regarding the status of your registration or any orders you may place. You may also be contacted by us regarding additional services and features or requesting your feedback about your experience with WaysideGardens.com.
WaysideGardens.com may provide you with bulletin boards and chat rooms for your use. In the event you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information using such services, that information, along with any content in your communication or post, can be collected, correlated and used by third parties. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Wayside Gardens. Wayside Gardens does not assume any duty to monitor or review the contents of any bulletin board or chat room.
Where technically feasible, the domain names of visitors to WaysideGardens.com are automatically recognized by our server. Wayside Gardens may use this information to track the number of visitors to the WaysideGardens.com website and to see which pages and services on WaysideGardens.com are visited most often.
The WaysideGardens.com optional on-line survey generally asks for demographic information like your gender, age, etc. to help us get to know you and better understand your gardening needs. This data is used to personalize your experience at WaysideGardens.com by displaying content according to your preferences. We hope this will enhance your experience with the WaysideGardens.com site.
Wayside Gardens may provide links on WaysideGardens.com to other sites of interest. Wayside Gardens does not review or endorse the content of these sites or guarantee that they will abide by this Privacy Policy. Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects identifying information.
Please note that your use of the WaysideGardens.com website and services is subject to WaysideGardens.com's Terms and Conditions.
Sharing Your Information
Wayside Gardens recognizes that gardeners may want products other than the high-quality plants, bulbs and accessories that we offer. Therefore, from time to time, Wayside Gardens may make customer information available to other reputable companies whose products or services we think you might find interesting. Please remember that, although Wayside Gardens endeavors to select only reputable companies who share our commitment to customer privacy, we are in no way responsible for the actions or policies of these other organizations.
Wayside Gardens may also from time to time contract with third party vendors to provide ads to our customers via the Internet or to send direct mail or catalogs to customers whom we think may be interested in our products or services. In order to do so, such vendor may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website using a “cookie”. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser or mobile device by websites, mobile apps, and advertisements that you access or use. This data is stored on your browser or mobile device and helps website and mobile apps to remember things about you to improve your experience with the website. Third-party vendors may then pool the anonymous information that they collect from this website with other sources of information, which may include your name and mailing address, for purposes of determining whether you might be interested in receiving direct mail or a catalog. If you do not wish for cookies to be placed on your computer, most web browsers permit you to prevent that from taking place. However, please keep in mind that these technologies are an important part of how the website works; removing, rejecting or limiting the use of cookies or other similar technologies might affect the availability and functionality of the website.
If you do not want to share your information with such other companies, call us toll free at 1-800-845-1124 (or for local calls use 1-864-330-2004) to speak to a customer service representative, email us at info@waysidegardens.com , or send a postcard to: Mailing Address Don't Share, Wayside Gardens Company, 1 Garden Lane, Hodges SC 29695-0001.  Be sure to include your own mailing address on your postcard or email.
Other Uses of Information
The only other instances in which Wayside Gardens discloses your identifying information to third parties are:
when it is required by law; when it is necessary to distribute materials that you request; and when you expressly request that your information be disclosed.
Business Transfers
We may buy or sell operating divisions, companies or other business assets or be acquired by another company. In such  transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets.
Use of Cookies
The use of cookies enables Wayside Gardens to enhance your visits to the WaysideGardens.com website. Cookies enable WaysideGardens.com systems to recognize your browser and provide features that are tailored to your gardening needs. For example, cookies enable us to record the items in your shopping cart. Wayside Gardens uses this information to monitor product sales which help us to plan future offerings.
Accessing and Updating Your Information
You can always choose not to provide information, to opt-out of receiving communications from us or to update your information at any time. WaysideGardens.com gives users the following options:
Use the "Change Preferences" feature after entering your member name and password to receive access to your account page. At this location, you can subscribe or unsubscribe from our e-mail newsletters and you can update any information that you have provided to us.
Click on the "Unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of each of our e-mails and follow the instructions on the web page.
Send an e-mail to our friendly Customer Service representatives at info@waysidegardens.com .
Call our Customer Service representatives toll free at 1-800-845-1124 or for local calls use 1-864-330-2004.
How Safe is Encryption Really?
Providing encrypted information online is as safe as doing it over the phone.
Privacy Policy Changes
WaysideGardens.com may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to better serve you. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
For Further Information
If you choose to visit WaysideGardens.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy. If you have questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Wayside Gardens
Submit
Be the first to receive our latest deals, new product features, plus exclusive offers!
April 4, 2018
Excellent service and flowers. Whatever we purchase from Wayside is in good shape when received. We always go to Wayside for our plants.
March 11, 2018
February 1, 2018
I have used Wayside gardens for years. I look to them for finds that I can’t find locally and seldom disappointed.
December 5, 2017
I bought 14 english roses of three different varieties. Just gorgeous!!!! Wayside sent extremely healthy bareroot plants. The shrubs put on countless full blooms in the first season. Highly recommend to anyone wanting a beautiful rose garden
November 6, 2017
I have ordered many times from Wayside Gardens and have always been pleased with the condition of the plants, the selection and the service from the company.
November 29, 2017
Thanks to Wayside for their prompt service and wonderful selection of unique and wanted plants.
November 27, 2017
Beautiful, healthy plants that I could not find locally and they were all packaged carefully.
November 6, 2017
I have ordered many times from Wayside Gardens and have always been pleased with the condition of the plants, the selection and the service from the company.
October 29, 2017
I've always had good luck ordering from Wayside Gardens. The quality of the plants/shrubs is very good and they all seem to thrive.
October 9, 2017
I have ordered from Wayside Gardens for at least 25 years. Unlike too many other sites, the quality has not diminished, plants are usually healthy. If there is a problem it is politely and effectively addressed. I've recommended Wayside Gardens to many others who have had similar experiences.
July 18, 2017
Always good quality. Nice blend of standards, new and unusual plants.
July 14, 2017
I love Wayside Gardens! Their plants come packaged very nicely. They are big plants and always grow well!
June 28, 2017
June 23, 2017
Great selection of plants and good prices for the more rare varieties!
May 21, 2017
This is a high class, well-run company with wonderful, high quality merchandise. The way the plants arrive shows care and concern with the way they are packaged before they are shipped. The products I have received from them are top quality. Can't say enough good things about this company.
May 14, 2017
Exceptionally well packaged. The plants came through very healthy and beautiful. Extremely pleased with this order.
May 8, 2017
The plants I received were amazing. If everything from Wayside Gardens comes in this nice each and every time, I will be ordering all my plants, shrubs and trees from them.
May 2, 2017
Wayside Gardens always has a great selection of plants, and lots of great new introductions each year. Their website/catalog provides great information about their plants. I have been shopping with Wayside for the 30+ years I have owned my house. I am really looking forward to adding these plants to my garden.
April 26, 2017
It's nice to have such a wonderful selection. Many of the items carried here are not available at any of our local nurseries. It's fun to have people visit and see plants in my garden that they haven't seen anywhere else.
April 18, 2017
April 8, 2017
Have purchased from Wayside before and have always been pleased with the product and service. The plants are so healthy and they are packaged so securely. I appreciate the care the employees take with the plants and in the delivery process. Quality customer service!
April 2, 2017
I wasn't sure as to what to expect, especially coming from a site. Well I'm glad I found Wayside Gardens. They had a beautiful selection of flowers and quickly found what I was looking for. I sure cannot wait to put my flowers in the ground and watch them grow.
March 25, 2017
I love Wayside Gardens! Have ordered from them for quite a few years now. The plants are always packaged well and come out of the box strong and healthy. They have good prices and really great sales. Their site is easy to follow straight through to checking out. I will conitnue to reorder from them in the future. Thank you!
January 12, 2017
I was a little concerned about a shipment from South Carolina to Florida and what kind of condition the plants would be in, but the azaleas arrived in perfect condition and are thriving! The blooms are bigger than the plant at this point!
January 10, 2017
I have shopped with Wayside Gardens for over 20 years. They have always provided great quality plants!
January 3, 2017
I have always found them to be very reliable and trustworthy.
December 31, 2016
Over the years, I have purchased from Wayside Gardens and have been completely satisfied with the quality, service and deliveries. They offer unique items not available at local garden centers.
December 21, 2016
I am a loyal Wayside customer. I have shopped with the company for years and have always been satisfied with my purchases. If there is a problem it is always addressed and solved to my satisfaction.
December 8, 2016
I am very happy with the quality and size of my plant material especially the root systems which were more than adequate and not pot bound at all. I am switching my large leaf Hydrangea for some smaller varieties and am looking forward to replanting in the spring.
Closed Sunday
