Privacy Policy: Updated 24 May 2018
 
General
This Privacy Policy explains how The Smart Cube collects and stores information that identifies and relates to you (“personal information”) and how we use, disclose, and protect such information. The Smart Cube shall use your personal information only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We act in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
You can visit the website and browse without having to provide personal information. During your visit to the website, you remain anonymous and at no time can we identify you unless you provide any personal information to us or have previously provided us with personal information.
Please note that we may change, modify, add to, or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. The date for the most recent update will appear at the top of the Privacy Policy. However, please note that it is your responsibility to regularly review the Privacy Policy on the website. If you no longer accept this Privacy Policy or any changes or variations to this Privacy Policy, you must cease using the website. Your continued use of the website is deemed as acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any changes thereto.
The Smart Cube may disclose aggregated information to third parties about the use of the website, general statistical information about the website and visitors, such as number of visitors, number and type of services provided.  The Smart Cube shall not sell redistribute or rent your personal information to third parties for any purposes.
 
 
 
The Smart Cube implements measures to protect against unauthorised access to and unlawful interception of personal information. However, no internet site can fully eliminate security risks.
 
 
 
 
 
Facilitating your use and personalizing your experience on the website
Supporting, and facilitating the provision of services that you purchase from us
Responding to your inquiries or fulfilling your requests for information about our services
Providing you with information about The Smart Cube’s services and sending you information and materials
Helping you address problems with the website, including any technical problems
Proper administering of the website
Improving our services and the content of the website
Processing online job application you have applied for
Detecting and preventing identity theft, fraud, and other potentially illegal acts as well as protecting the integrity of the website
Responding to subpoenas, court orders, or judicial processes
Providing information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety
Resolving disputes and troubleshooting problems
Helping with any investigation or complaint
 
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
 
Disclosure of Your Personal Information to Third Parties
We have agreements in place with all of our appointed third parties.
 
Marketing
We would like to send you relevant and insightful information about our products and services which may be of interest to you based on previous interactions. You may unsubscribe from receiving these at any time.
The personal data we collect and use for marketing purposes relates to individual employees of our clients and other companies with which we have an existing business relationship.
We may also obtain contact information from conferences, events, public sources, including content made public at social media websites, to make an initial contact with a relevant individual at a client or other company.
We will not share your personal information outside The Smart Cube.
You have a right at any time to stop receiving marketing communications.
 
Your Rights
Right to be informed: You are entitled to know whether we hold your personal information and the purpose your personal data is processed for.
Right of access: You are entitled to obtain a copy of your personal data, together with an explanation of the categories of data being processed, the purposes of such processing, and the details of third parties to whom the data may have been disclosed to.
Right to rectification: You are entitled to correct / update your personal information available with us.
Right to erasure: You are entitled to get your data erased from our customer relationship management (CRM) databases.
 
In the above cases, we will retain minimum personal data to note that you opted out from being contacted again.
 
Keeping Your Personal Information Accurate and Up to Date
You can always choose not to provide personal information. However, if personal information is required, not providing it may stop you from availing parts of the services, features, or content.
 
Recruiting
When you use our online career platform, we collect the personal data that you willingly submit while applying for jobs, and we use it for recruiting-related activities.
 
Security Controls
 
 
Changes to Privacy Policy
 
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the use of your personal information, please click here to contact The Smart Cube.
You may request the access of your personal information under the following circumstances
If you would like to have a copy of your personal information that we hold
 
 
 
Gavin O’Brien
Okay, thanks
