Privacy Policy (what we do with your data)
Wealth Wizards takes the privacy of your data seriously. We’re committed to safeguarding your privacy while providing a personalised and valuable service. This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of the Wealth Wizards Group businesses. If you have any personal information requests or any queries about these practices please contact our Governance and Information Security Officer by e-mail : governance@wealthwizards.com .
Personal information is collected by the Wealth Wizards Group of companies listed below. Each of these Wealth Wizards companies are registered with the UK’s Information Commission as Data Controllers in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. References in this privacy policy to “WW”, “we”, “us”, “our” or similar refer to the Wealth Wizards Group of companies:
Wealth Wizards Advisers Limited
Registered Office: Wizards House, 8 Athena Court, Tachbrook Park, Leamington Spa, CV34 6RT, Company No: 7273385, Data Protection Registration No: Z2323485, FCA No: 596436
Wealth Wizards Benefits Limited
Registered Office: Wizards House, 8 Athena Court, Tachbrook Park, Leamington Spa, CV34 6RT, Company No: 6030782, Data Protection Registration No: ZA163085, FCA No: 596641
the use of enquiry and registration forms
your use of any our products or services
the provision of your details to us either online or offline
the provision of your details supplied to us by your employer
The elements of your data that we collect may include:
Name
Home address and phone number
Mobile telephone number
Pension contribution details
Educational history, work experience and other information from your CV if you provide this to us
We also collect information that we request from you when you use our service or that we collect automatically when you visit our sites. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details.
We collect information from you and, with your permission, from your investment providers. We use this information about you to manage the relationship with you, manage our advice to you and offer you our products and services. Where you consent to provide us with this information we will take appropriate measures to protect your sensitive personal data.
We may need to disclose your details to our trusted partners and service providers for these purposes. Please note we require these third parties to maintain the same level of security and confidentiality of your personal information.
We use your data for purposes which include:
providing our users with a personalised service
processing registrations and enquiries
providing you with information about products and services we offer (if you agree to receive such information)
sharing your data with trusted partners and service providers who provide information relating to financial advice given
contacting you about specific recruitment opportunities if you register search criteria information on our recruitment sites
monitoring compliance with our Terms and Conditions
improving our products and services – your data will be treated with the same level of privacy of all data and wherever possible anonymised
We are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. They may wish to audit sample transactions from time-to-time including our customer records to assess our compliance with their rules. Strict confidentiality conditions are always in place should this occur.
We also may extract certain information from your data for the purpose of generating statistics but it is not possible to identify you from these statistics.
If you wish to receive information about the Wealth Wizards Group products or services, please indicate your preferences using the consent boxes when providing us with your data.
In order to deliver our services to you effectively we may send your details to third parties such as those that we engage for professional compliance, accountancy or legal services as well as product and platform providers and quote engines, that we use to arrange financial products for you. We also use Client Relationship Management systems, HR and payroll companies. Where third parties are involved in processing your data we’ll have a contract in place with them to ensure that the nature and purpose of the processing is clear, that they are subject to a duty of confidence in processing your data and that they’ll only act in accordance with our written instructions.
We may also disclose your information to business partners and to third party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf, successors in title to our business or in accordance with a properly executed court order or as otherwise required to do so by law. We reserve the right to fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring or requesting us to disclose the identity or other usage details of any user of our site.
We use tracking on some of the pages of our website, which record user movements, including page scrolling, mouse clicks and text entered. The data we collect in this way helps us to identify usability issues, to improve the assistance and technical support we can provide to users and is also used for aggregated and statistical reporting purposes.
If you use Pension Wizard, your personal data will be gathered through the information that you give us. Your data is collected in order for us to carry out our service to you. If you’re unsure about the outcome of the automated process you can contact us to discuss or to challenge the outcome.
We take measures to ensure the security of your data (Industry best-practice is followed at all stages of the data-lifecycle and we are always working to improve on the methods employed to secure your data. e.g. data is encrypted when in transit across public internet links. Data is also stored in an encrypted format in our systems along with the backups of those systems). We don’t use any special category data (such as data about your health) in the automated process unless it’s strictly necessary to deliver our service and we have obtained your explicit consent to do so.
We regularly check our systems for accuracy and bias and feed any changes back into the design process.
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of personal information which you have provided via this website, to prevent unauthorised access. The security of personal information about you is our priority. We protect this information by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that meet applicable law.
We train our employees in the proper handling of personal information. When we use other companies to provide services for us, we require them to protect the confidentiality of personal information they receive.
If you wish to amend any of the data which we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please contact governance@wealthwizards.com or visit the “Contact Us” section of our website.
If you’re a user of other Wealth Wizards Group products and you wish to amend any of the data that we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, you can call, email or write to us on the numbers or address below. Please note that calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes.
Telephone: 01926 671469
Address: Governance and Information Security Manager, Wizards House, 8 Athena Court, Tachbrook Park, Leamington Spa, CV34 6RT
Governance and Information Security Manager, Wizards House, 8 Athena Court, Tachbrook Park, Leamington Spa, CV34 6RT
Your rights and choices:
You may request we correct inaccurate information.
We won’t collect any personally identifiable information about you when you use public areas of the website (i.e. where you don’t have to enter your security details) unless your use follows a visit to the secure area, at which point web logs will monitor your use.
The details you give us when you use tools in the public areas, such as calculators, will not be stored unless you specifically ask us to save it, in which case we will ask you to register.
Personal information provided when entering competitions or prize draws, or completing questionnaires will be used in accordance with the instructions and rules provided.
We do not allow anyone under 18 to use our products. In the collection of information during the fact find process we may note the number of children you have along with ages, but no other information is recorded.
Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF,  0303 123 1113 (local rate).
This page was last updated on 14 June 2018.
© Wealth Wizards Advisers Limited.
News
Wealth Wizards Advisers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is entered on the Financial Services Register under reference 596436.
Registered Address:  Wizards House, 8 Athena Court, Tachbrook Park, Leamington Spa, CV34 6RT.
Registered in England & Wales, No. 7273385. The information contained within this site is intended for UK consumers only and is subject to the UK regulatory regime.
Wealth Wizards®, Pension Wizard ®, Retirement Wizard ® and the wizard hat logo are registered trademarks; the trademarks, trade names and logos on this website, and the copyright and pending patent applications, are used by Wealth Wizards Advisers Limited under licence from Wealth Wizards Limited. Pension Tidy-up, Pension Predictor, Money Wizard, Advisor Wizard, Mortgage Wizard, Protection Wizard, Investment Wizard, Investor Wizard,  Insurance Wizard, and ISA Wizard are trademarks and logos of Wealth Wizards Limited.
© 2018 Wealth Wizards Limited.
Okay, thank you
