Qty:
Free Shipping To All 50 States   The PrivacyCase - "Mini-SCIF" is a protective hard case which uses proven military grade electromagnetic shielding technology to prevent your phone from being...
$0.00 USD
Group Discounts Available. Call customer service @ 888.783.5502 for more information. So you're using the PrivacyCase to stop real-time audio/video surveillance, location tracking, hacking and identity theft, but what if...
$0.00 USD
Group Discounts Available. Call customer service @ 888.783.5502 for more information. So you're using the PrivacyCase to stop real-time audio/video surveillance, location tracking, hacking and identity theft, but what if...
$0.00 USD
Group Discounts Available. Call customer service @ 888.783.5502 for more information. So you're using the PrivacyCase to stop real-time audio/video surveillance, location tracking, hacking and identity theft, but what if...
Vulnerabilities in cellular phones that were originally intended for law enforcement use limit the effectiveness of software security solutions. The PrivacyCase Business SCIF uses the same proven military grade electromagnetic...
Qty:
Viruses, malware and spyware can be installed onto your phone or computer when you plug into a USB jack to charge your device.   CHARGE WITH PEACE OF MIND. PROTECT...
Qty:
Effective And Reliable Vehicle Fleet Protection From PrivacyCase.com Protect your key fob from relay attacks with PrivacyCase Vehicle Fleet Protection Custom Sizes And Solutions Available: "Contact Us" for more information....
*FREE SHIPPING ON PRIVACYCASES TO ALL 50 STATES!*
 
 
Stories of cell phone spying, tracking, stalking, and eavesdropping fill the airwaves and the internet, leaving users of these devices increasingly concerned about the security of their confidential data, geo-location (GPS), and voice communications. Criminals can compromise your phone even when you think your phone is turned off by utilizing back doors originally built into your wireless devices for law enforcement use. 
Until now, there was no reliable method to defend against these intrusions. The "PrivacyCase” stops them immediately by allowing you to control when and where your device is accessed. Our electronically shielded protective case was designed to provide users of wireless devices with a method to counteract the attempted hijacking of communications data & geo-location transmissions while preventing the device from being used to eavesdrop on the activities of the user.
Each PrivacyCase is:
Protects your device from the effects of an EMP
 
The PrivacyCase, the #1 signal-blocking cell phone case, has been independently tested by MET Laboratories and has proven to provide up to 109dB of actual shielding effectiveness.
Compare this to the soft cases which have had their products independently tested and whose published results show that the best shielding effectiveness they have been able to achieve is 62dB. Several other soft cases claim effectiveness based on the materials used and not the actual product they end up making out of those materials; there is a big difference. We tested some of these soft cases along side the PrivacyCase in the real world and posted the results here .
 
 
 
Sign up for the latest deals, new releases and more...
Subscribe
Call Us
We'd love to hear from you. Call us at 888-783-5502 and we'll be happy to answer any questions you have.
Latest Posts
This is an archive of educational materials relating to cell phones and privacy.
Below this posting is a vast collection of information on "mass surveillance". Please be patient there is a lot of information on these pages so it can take a little while for all of it to load. We are pretty... read more
Fortune Magazine: iPhone backdoors already exist.
Apple, Jacob Appelbaum and the National Security AgencySpeaking about these back doors Security Researcher Jacob Appelbaum put it this way: “Do you think Apple helped them build that? I don’t know. I hope Apple will clarify that. Here’s the problem:... read more
TED - Malte Spitz (what mass surveillance means to all of us)
Malte Spitz explains what he received from his cellular carrier after he filed a lawsuit to receive a copy of his "meta-data". What they sent him was LOW RESOLUTION meta-data and it's the same in every country and with every... read more
