Published on Monday, March 19 2012
Young Hollywood LLC Privacy Policy - Last Amended on JULY 27, 2010
Young Hollywood LLC and its affiliated companies ("we" or "us") operate a series of websites offering a variety of products and services (a "Site" or the "Sites"). This notice outlines the privacy policies of the Sites. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy. Since any changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check this page regularly. Your continued use of the Sites following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Your IP Address
Each time you visit the Sites, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address and the Web page from which you came. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer the Sites, and to better serve you in using the services and features of the Sites.
Cookies and Action Tags
The first time a user provides an e-mail address in connection with their activities at a Site, we assign an identification number to that e-mail address and deploy a cookie to the user's PC. Whenever that user comes back to a Site using the same PC, the cookie allows the Site to identify the user and to recall the user's e-mail address. If, at any time, a user provides other information in connection with their activities on a Site (such as name, address, birth date, gender, etc.), we may store that information, along with the user's e-mail address, in our user database. We may use the information stored in our database (i) for the purpose for which the information was originally provided by a user; (ii) to pre-populate information fields in the event a user wishes to sign up for and/or subscribe to services, promotions or offers in the future; (iii) to ensure that a user will not be repeatedly exposed to the same ads, offers and promotions while visiting Sites; and (iv) to, in connection with regular communication with a user, include offers, promotions or advertisements historically, or likely to be, of interest to that user.
Action Tags, Web Beacons and other Data Collection Methods: An action tag or a web-beacon (also known as a clear gif or a pixel tag) is a method used to track responses or actions by visitors who view certain advertisements or other information on a site. Action tags are 1x1 pixel images embedded in a website page that are used to transparently collect information. We may use action tags to count the number of times that visitors click on a particular banner ad or visit the pages of our Sites and to provide information about what products are viewed or purchased.
Personal Information We Collect From You
By registering with, or providing personal information to a Site, as well as providing permission to receive marketing offers, users allow us and our affiliates to make their personally identifiable information available to third parties in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy and the privacy policy of the respective affiliated sites. While on a Site we may collect "Personal Information" from you. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, Personal Information shall mean individually identifiable information from or about an individual including, but not limited to: (a) a first and last name; (b) a home or other physical address, including street name and name of city or town; (c) an e-mail address or other online contact information, such as an instant messaging user identifier or a screen name that reveals and individual's e-mail address; (d) a telephone number; (e) a Social Security number; (f) a persistent identifier, such as a customer number held in a cookie or processor serial number, that is combined with other available data that identifies and individual; (g) age; (h) income level; (i) hobbies, buying patterns or preferences; or (j) any other information from or about an individual that is combined with any of (a) through (j) above.
How We Use Personal Information
Your Personal Information will be transmitted to our advertising and marketing partners, our affiliated companies, or other third parties interested in providing you information or services. Requested information may be provided by e-mail at the address that you provide on the Site or by any other means you provide. We will also use your Personal Information for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request, to customize your experience on a Site, and to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into by you on a Site. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources. We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Sites or administer activities on our behalf. We and/or our marketing partners and affiliated companies enhance and/or merge Personal Information about users with data collected from other sources to use in direct and/or online marketing.
We reserve the right, in connection with a transfer of any of our assets to any affiliated company, to provide Personal Information and data to the affiliate subject to the terms of this policy. Similarly, we reserve the right, in connection with a sale of any of our assets or businesses to a third party, to sell our database containing Personal Information, or relevant portion thereof. We may release Personal Information if required by law, to enforce any terms of service, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our Sites, its registered users, or others. Please note that our privacy policy does not apply to websites or web pages that link to our Sites. You may, at any time, notify us that you do not wish to have your Personal Information disclosed to third parties for offers and promotions by clicking here.
How We Use Demographic Information
We use demographic information to tailor Sites to the interests of our users. Demographic information is shared with advertisers so that they can tailor their advertisements to the appropriate audience. Demographic information may also be shared with other third parties. Other Sites Other sites accessible through our Sites have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our Sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linked to our Sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit Personal Information. Additionally, other companies that place advertising on our Sites may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect. On behalf of various sponsors, we may provide sponsored links to third-party websites. If you click on a sponsored link or banner ad, a "window" or "frame" containing a third-party's web site may appear in the foreground with a Site in the background. Unless you are on one of our Sites, any time that you have moved to a window, you should assume that your Personal Information is being collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the windowed site's privacy policy (if any). If you are unsure as to whose privacy policy applies, please contact us
Our Security Precautions
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We encrypt all of your personal and financial information and use our best efforts to prevent it from being read or intercepted as the information travels over the Internet. While we are committed to protecting your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Removal of Your Information/Opting Out
By hitting the submit button, you are representing that you have the authority and are authorizing us or our partners to contact any telephone number you entered even if the entered telephone number is currently on a federal, state, or other Do Not Call list. At your request, we will remove Personal Information that you have provided to us. You may do so by contacting us.However, deleting your Personal Information or otherwise opting-out of receipt of communications from us or third parties will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of transacting future business on a Site and for managing future communications from us and third parties. These deletions will not change or delete Personal Information already collected as part of a particular transaction in our database, which may have already been shared with third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy. You will need to contact third parties who may contact you directly to change your preferences or your personal information that they may be using to contact you.
We provide users the option to opt-out from receiving information sent via electronic mailings on behalf of third party advertisers. Users may unsubscribe from receiving e-mails at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of every e-mailing. Unsubscribe requests can only be processed if you have registered with us in the first instance. If you have not registered with us and wish to opt out of receiving e-mails from a particular sender, please consult that sender's opt out policies or contact that sender.
Information sent on behalf of third party advertisers is prepared several days in advance, so users may continue to receive e-mail from us for up to 5 days after following the unsubscribe procedures detailed above. If after that point a user is still receiving email from us, the user should contact us.
No Liability for Unauthorized Changes
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF A SITE OR FOR THE UNAUTHORIZED MODIFICATION OF TEXT OR ADVERTISEMENTS PROVIDED BY US TO OUR MARKETING PARTNERS OR THIRD PARTIES.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Compliance
You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use our Sites. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information about visitors under 18 years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of age and believe that they have disclosed Personal Information to us, please contact us so that we may delete the minor's information.
Merger or Acquisition
In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or the sale of an individual website owned by us, we may transfer your Personal Information to a third party as a part of such merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale. Contacting us about privacy questions or concerns If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of a Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us.
Information About Updates to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been updated and amended on the following dates: January 11, 2011
Young Hollywood LLC Privacy Policy
Effective May 25, 2018
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By continuing to use our Services, you are expressly consenting to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. INTRODUCTION TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We at Young Hollywood LLC (the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”, including our subsidiaries) know that our users care how their personally identifiable information (“Information”) is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how we collect, use and disclose Information when you use any of our Services, including but not limited to:
Company websites, pages, sites, accounts or channels accessible through any Internet or wireless enabled device (each, a “Website”);
Mobile and OTT applications;
Ticketing and live event gatherings we host or sponsor
By visiting or using the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Agreement.
You must be 18 or older to use our Services. Minors under 18 and at least 13 years of age are only permitted to use our Services through an account owned by a parent or legal guardian with their appropriate permission and under their direct supervision. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service.
2. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information You Provide to Us
You don’t have to create an account to use some of our Services. However if you do choose to create an account and sign up for a Service, we may collect a variety of information from you for that Service based on what you provide to us, such as: name, birth date or age range, gender, and email or physical address. If you are paying for the Service, standard payment and billing information is required. We do not require users to provide their race, ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual orientation or criminal record in their account. Please do not post or add personal data to your account that you would not want to be publicly available.
Depending on which Services you choose to use, additional information may be collected and stored, if necessary in order for us to provide a particular Service. Such information includes:
biographical and professional information, association affiliation, demographic data, and financial information;
information responsive to polls or surveys, disclosed in applications for employment, or requested in order to provide information about our business, employment, products or services;
transactional information based on your activities on the Website;
shipping, ordering, billing and other similar information you provide to purchase or ship an item or service;
community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, correspondence through the Website, and correspondence sent to us;
computer sign-on data, time and date data, statistics on page views, your IP address, your GPS location, the type of computing environment you use, and traffic to and from the Website (including data about you whenever you interact with the Website, such as when you search, click on links, send messages, make comments, replies or queries, and select best replies);
other technical information or data collected from Website traffic, including IP address and standard web log information and information gathered from cookies, beacons and other mechanisms;
supplemental or additional information we may request from you in the event previous information you’ve provided cannot be verified;
your content and any other information that you choose to make available via the Website or that other users of the Website share about you; and
other information that you voluntarily provide to us.
Information Collected Automatically By Us
Whenever you interact with our Service, we automatically receive and record technical information such as your device, IP address, “cookie” information, the version of your operating system (“OS”), and the page you requested. When you use the Service on a mobile platform, we may also collect and record your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), your device name, and your location (based on your IP address). We may also collect information regarding your activity on the Service (both individually and on an aggregate basis) and your interactions with other users of the Service.
Information from Third Parties and Advertisers
We work with third party advertisers, networks, and service providers who assist us in managing or providing the Service (e.g., payment processors) and who collect some of the information described above. These third parties also help us understand how users interact with our content or offerings. We may also collect contextual or demographic data about our users from third parties, in order to more effectively deliver the Service or content in which we think you would be interested. Unless you have been notified otherwise, all information collected through our authorized third party service providers remains governed by security and confidentiality obligations consistent with this Policy and applicable law.
Advertisements
Some of our Services allow advertisers and their networks to collect and use certain anonymous Information about you (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) in order to provide advertisements of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, pixel tags, or other device identifiers) to store login information and recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off, and across different Services and devices. You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools.  Cookies are text files that contain a certain amount of information and are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. They are useful because they allow websites to recognize a user’s device. They are then returned to the original website on each subsequent visit or to any other website that recognizes them. For more information on cookies, go to https://www.allaboutcookies.org.  
Other
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we use your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
In addition, the Websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics and Young Hollywood LLC's business partners use Cookies to help analyze how users use the Websites. The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the Websites will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google and Young Hollywood LLCs business partners will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Websites, compiling reports on activity for operators and providing other services relating to internet usage.  Google and Young Hollywood LLC’s business partners may also transfer this information to third parties when required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s or Young Hollywood LLC’s business partners’ behalf.
3. WHY WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
How we use your Information will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings. The primary reason we collect Information is to provide and improve our Services, manage your account and subscription to our Service, and to provide you with a more customized experience on our Services.
The following is a summary of more specific ways we may use your personal information:
To provide payment processing and account management, operate, measure and improve our Services, keep our Services safe, secure and operational, and customize Website content
To contact you regarding your account, to respond to your requests or questions, to troubleshoot problems with your account, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed or as otherwise necessary to provide you customer service
To send you transactional communications. For example, we might send you emails about your purchase or to confirm your registration for an event. We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms
To provide other services requested by you as described when we collect the Information
For marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about events or special promotions. We might also tell you about new features or products. To learn about your choices for these communications, read Section 8.2 below
We may also use push notifications on our mobile apps to send you various alerts and updates
To improve our Services, for example by reviewing information associated with stalled or crashed pages experienced by users allowing us to identify and fix problems and give you a better experience
For security purposes. To prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities and/or attempts to harm our users
To monitor and improve the information security of our Websites and mobile applications
To enforce our Terms of Use , this Policy, or other policies, and to monitor for violations of our policies or applicable laws
We also use Information as otherwise described in this Policy, permitted by law, or as we may notify you.
4. HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED
4.1 Sharing by you
Certain Services offered are social by their very nature, so your participation in such a Service will allow others to see your name and/or username, profile picture, social profile, and any other content you upload or disclose through that profile.
4.2 Sharing by us
We share your Information with third parties as listed below and as otherwise described elsewhere in this Policy:
Service Providers
We employ and allow third parties to perform tasks on our behalf, such as payment processing, data management and analytics, marketing, advertising, communication and IT services, and we need to share your Information with them in order for them to provide such products and services. Unless we tell you differently or you consent otherwise, these third parties do not have any right to use your Information beyond what is necessary to assist us in providing such products and services. Any uses of your Information by these third parties will remain governed by security and confidentiality obligations consistent with this Policy and applicable law.
Company Affiliates
Subject to applicable laws, we may share your Information with companies with whom the Company is affiliated or related to (e.g., parent company or subsidiaries), and will require such affiliated or related companies to use the Information solely in accordance with this Policy.
Business Transfers
We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer Information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired or merged, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Protection of Company and Others
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any Information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, interests, or safety of our Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Aggregated and Anonymized Information
We also may share (within our affiliated entities or with third parties) aggregated or anonymized information that does not explicitly identify you or any individual user of our Services. From time to time, the Company may provide demographic and statistical information to prospective partners for the purposes of securing advertising and/or for general promotion of the Service. This disclosure will not share any personal information of individual users but is intended to give a broad overview of the Service’s membership.
5. THE SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your Information is important to us. We take commercially reasonable security measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your Information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately. To help protect your Information, you should not share your account information or password, reuse your password on other sites, or use a password you have used on other sites.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Information we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
6. WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE HELD
In order to provide the Service, the Information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside of your country and the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and, in particular, the United States. It may also be processed by any service providers appointed by us who operate outside of the EEA and their staff. By submitting your data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing outside of the EEA or your country and acknowledge that not all countries guarantee the same level of protection for your Information as the one in which you reside. Data transferred will be treated in accordance with this Policy and, where applicable, the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
7. EUROPEAN UNION CITIZENS OR RESIDENTS
On May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) takes effect. All natural persons whose personal data is processed by Young Hollywood LLC within the territorial scope of the GDPR, are Data Subjects and entitled to certain rights. Depending on your location, we may provide you with the ability to access, download, and request deletion of your personal information. We’ve updated our Privacy Policy to take into account the new requirements of the GDPR.
If you are a Data subject in the European Union, you have the following rights under GDPR, subject to certain exceptions:
Right of Access: You have the right to know whether personal data concerning you is being processed, and if so, the purpose of the processing, categories of data concerned, recipients to whom the data are disclosed and the legal basis for processing the personal data.
Right of Rectification or Erasure- “Right to be Forgotten”: When Young Hollywood LLC holds personal data about you that is inaccurate, incomplete or no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, you have the right to ask Young Hollywood LLC  to rectify, complete, or erase the personal data.
Right to Restrict Processing: You have the right to restrict processing of your personal data by asking Young Hollywood LLC  to limit what we do with it.
Right to Data Portability: You have the right to certain personal information Young Hollywood LLC  stores about you in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format for transfer to a third party of your choosing;
Right to Object to Automated decision-making: You have the right not to be subject to automated decision making where this has legal or other significant consequences, except where you have explicitly consented to this or where it is necessary for entering into or performing a contract.
Right to Withdraw Consent: You have the right to withdraw your consent allowing Young Hollywood LLC  to process your information at any time and prevent the processing of their data for direct electronic marketing purposes.
Exceptions: You can object to processing of your personal data under certain circumstances, unless there is a legitimate ground for processing the personal data, where you have explicitly granted consent, where it is necessary for entering into or performing a contract, or where Young Hollywood LLC needs to process the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
.
8. LAWFUL BASES FOR PROCESSING
We will only collect and process Information about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Services you have requested)) and “legitimate interests”.
Where we process Information based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal.
Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We provide a voluntary service; you can choose whether or not you want to use the Services. However, if you want to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Use , which set out the contract between the Company and you. As we operate in countries worldwide (including the US) and use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we may need to transfer your Information to the US and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Services.
Where we rely on legitimate interests as a basis for Information processing, you have the right to object. We may process your personal data for the purposes of our legitimate interests or for the legitimate interests of third parties, provided that such processing shall not outweigh your rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal Information to:
Protect you, us, or others from threats (such as security threats or fraud)
Comply with laws that apply to us
Enable or administer our business, such as for quality control, consolidated reporting, and customer service
Manage corporate transactions, such as mergers or acquisitions
Understand and improve our business or customer relationships generally
Enable us and our users to connect with each other, view content, express opinions, exchange information, and conduct business
.
9. WHAT INFORMATION YOU CAN ACCESS
Through your account settings for the Service, you may access, edit, or delete Information you’ve provided and your record of interactions with the Service. Such Information and interactions, and your ability to update them, will vary based on the Service.
9.1 Right to Access and Control Your Information
We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your Information.
Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain rights related to their personal Information. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request the following for personal data that we have about you:
Delete Information: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Information: You can edit some of your Information through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix you Information in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Information: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your Information (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your Information is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Information: You can ask us for a copy of your Information and can ask for a copy of Information you provided in machine-readable form.
You may contact us using the contact information in Section 11 below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
9.2 What Choices You Have
You can always opt not to disclose Information or to disable certain tools on your browser or device. However, this may limit your ability to fully utilize the Service.
You may be able to add, update, or delete Information as explained above. When you update Information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised Information in our records. Please note that some Information may remain in our records for legitimate business reasons even after your deletion of such Information, such as our analyzing aggregated data regarding past usage of the Service (but not in a manner that would identify you personally). Additionally, through Google’s security settings page, you may revoke consent to the use of API Data related to you that was accessed or stored by the Service pursuant to such consent.  Company shall delete all such API Data no later than thirty (30) calendar days following such revocation.   
You can opt in to receive mobile push notifications from the Company. If you change your mind later and no longer want to receive these notifications, you can use your device’s settings functionality to turn them off.
If you don’t want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, you can adjust your email preferences from your account, or opt-out by clicking on the link provided in the emails.
9.3 Account Closure
If you wish to delete your account, you can do so by logging into your account or by emailing us using the contact details provided in Section 11 below. After it is no longer necessary for us to retain your Information, we will dispose of it in a secure manner according to our data retention and deletion policies, except as noted in Section 9 below.
If you deactivate your account, your profile page (with a notice that your account has been deactivated) will still be visible and all your posted content will still be accessible. If at any time you choose to opt out from allowing us to use your Information in the future, contact us directly via email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
. Upon receipt and process of an opt-out request, we will, within a commercially reasonable period of time, remove your Information from any applicable listings. Note that requests to terminate disclosure to third parties may frustrate or render impossible our ability to provide the Website or conduct transactions initiated by you.
10. HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We generally retain your Information as long as reasonably necessary to provide you the Services or to comply with applicable law. However, even after you deactivate your account, we can retain copies of Information about you and any transactions or Services in which you may have participated for a period of time that is consistent with applicable law, applicable statute of limitations or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to collect fees owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our Services, to assist with investigations, to enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.
Information you have shared with others (e.g. through comments or other posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own account, and we do not control data that other users copied out of our Services.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Policy and our Terms of Use from time to time.  Since any changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check this page regularly. Your continued use of the Sites following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications.  If you object to any changes, you may close your account or discontinue use of the Services. Your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms.
12. NO LIABILITY FOR UNAUTHORIZED CHANGES  
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF A SITE OR FOR THE UNAUTHORIZED MODIFICATION OF TEXT OR ADVERTISEMENTS PROVIDED BY US TO OUR MARKETING PARTNERS OR THIRD PARTIES.
13. QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Policy, please send us a detailed message at the address below, and we will try to resolve your concerns.
Young Hollywood LLC
Beverly Hills, CA 90212
Attn: Privacy / Legal Department
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
14. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Young Hollywood LLC: Attn: Legal Department, 150 S. Rodeo Drive #3 Beverly Hills, CA 90212.  We will respond to one request per California customer each year, and we do not respond to requests made by means other than as set forth above.
California Do Not Track Disclosure: Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not respond to Web browser “do not track” settings or signals. We deploy cookies and other technologies on our Service to collect information about you and your browsing activity, even if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal.
15. LEGAL DISCLOSURES
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you, (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (4) protect the security or integrity of our Service (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of the Company, our users, personnel, or others. We attempt to notify users about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand.
Effective: May 25, 2018
