KEEP SHOPPING
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Advanced Hair Medical, PC ("AHM"/"we"/"us") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.mens.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Advanced Hair Medical, PC. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to AHM include Advanced Hair Medical, PC, www.mens.com, and Mens.
THIS DOCUMENT IS ALSO A SUMMARY OF OUR NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES, WHICH DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. AHM is committed to protecting the privacy of your medical information. Any health information that individually identifies you is called 'protected health information' or 'PHI'. Your care and treatment is recorded in a medical record. So that we can best meet your medical needs, we share your medical record with the providers involved in your care. We share your PHI only to the extent necessary to collect payment for the services we provide, to conduct our business operations, and to comply with the laws that govern health care. We will not use or disclose your PHI for any other purpose without your permission.
PHI Participant Rights
You have the following rights regarding your medical information:
to request to inspect and obtain a copy of your medical records, subject to certain limited exceptions;
to request to add an addendum to or correct your medical record;
to request an accounting of AHM’s disclosures of your medical information;
to request restrictions on certain uses or disclosures of your medical information;
to request that we communicate with you in a certain way or at a certain location;
and to receive a copy of the full version of our Notice of Privacy Practices.
We may use and disclose medical information about you for the following purposes:
to provide you with medical treatment and services;
to bill and receive payment for the treatment and services you receive;
for functions necessary to run AHM and assure that our participants receive quality care;
to provide basic contact information to our development office for purposes of fundraising for AHM;
and as required or permitted by law.
There are additional situations where we may disclose medical information about you without your authorization, such as:
for workers’ compensation or similar programs;
for public health activities (e.g., reporting abuse or reactions to medications);
to a health oversight agency;
in response to a court or administrative order, subpoena, warrant or similar process;
to law enforcement officials in certain limited circumstances;
to a coroner, medical examiner or funeral director; and
to organizations that handle organ, eye, or tissue procurement or transplantation.
Non-PHI Information we collect
Separate from the medical and health information, we also collect technical information that is not part of your medical record. Such information may be handled differently than PHI, and how we use and handle that information is discussed in this document.
What Information Do We Collect
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, social security number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
How we use collected information
AHM may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To manage product reviews and ratings
We may use third party service providers to help us manage product reviews and ratings left by Users.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
Anonymous Data
We collect anonymous data when you visit most pages of AHM's websites. Anonymous data is general information that does not personally identify you or connect a particular use to you. Your visit does provide us with useful data, but it will not be linked to your Personal Information, such as your IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring website addresses. Some parts of AHM's websites use embedded pixel or JavaScript technologies to facilitate your use of the website and to track general traffic. We use anonymous data to obtain general statistics regarding the use of AHM's websites and its specific web pages and to evaluate how our visitors use and navigate our websites on an aggregate basis. We simply do not link anonymous data, including yours, with any personal data or information.
Google Analytics
We use certain tools provided by Google, e.g., Google Analytics, Google AdWords Conversion tracker, and other Google services across our websites that place cookies on a user's browser. These cookies help us personalize the website experience and increase the website's effectiveness for our visitors. These cookies are set and read by Google. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit  this link .
Google AdWords
We also use Google's AdWords functions and tools, including cookies, to display our offers and services across the web. We place tags on certain browser pages, and then a third party reads these cookies and may serve an ad via a third party's website. We use this tool to help bring you offers we think might interest you based upon your past online choices. You may opt out of this service by visiting this link .
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Re-marketing cookies
We use Google Adwords, Facebook, and Adroll re-marketing tracking cookies. These are third-party vendors that continue to show ads to you across the internet by using tracking cookies to gather data on past visits to websites such as ours.
Surveys, Sweepstakes & Contests
Occasionally, AHM may request information from users of its website via surveys, sweepstakes or contests. Participation in these surveys, sweepstakes or contests is completely voluntary, and the users of our website have a choice regarding participation and the type of information they disclose. Information requested may be Personal Information. We use such information to notify contest winners, to award prizes and to analyze the website traffic to improve the user's experience on all of our websites. All participation in surveys, sweepstakes and contests is subject to applicable law, the applicable rules and terms and conditions that accompany each of these contests or sweepstakes. These rules, terms and conditions may be accessed at the time of your participation.
Social Media Features
Our website includes social media features, such as and without limitation, the Facebook Like button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. AHM does not receive or control any of the content on such social media sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Emails and Electronic newsletters
We will send you emails to facilitate communication with you regarding your account, your requests, status updates, refill notification and requests, for information requests, and as otherwise deemed necessary or useful to provide a quality service to you. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
The emails we send you are not encrypted and therefore are not secure. The emails we send may also include a variety of identifiers such as, but not limited to: your name, email address, services and products requested and/or received, service dates, etc. If you provide us with an incorrect email address, we may unknowingly send an email to the wrong person as a result.
Telephone Numbers and Texting
We will use your telephone number to either call you and/or text message (SMS/MMS) to facilitate communication with you as an alternative or in addition to email messages. We may send call you if we gave questions, send you text message updates, notifications, or questions, or leave a voicemail.
The text messages we send are not encrypted and are not secure. Other people may be able to read and text message sent to us or sent to you by us.
IP Addresses
As is true with most websites, when you visit our website, we capture some information automatically either directly or through our service provider such as IP addresses. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website, and to help ensure the security of your interaction with the website. To offer better service and prevent abuse of the site and services, IP addresses may also be included with user form submissions.
Information from Third Parties
AHM may, from time to time, obtain supplemental information about you from third party sources or from our marketing partners in connection with co-branded websites or promotions. If we receive Personal Information from a third party source and/or we combine the information we receive from these third party sources with your Personal Information, we will treat that information and the combined information as Personal Information. We are not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties or how such third parties collect and use such information.
Security
AHM places a great importance on the security of all information associated with our clients and visitors. We have implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. Please note, however, although AHM will make every reasonable effort to protect your Personal Information, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your data for improper purposes.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise provided herein, AHM does not share, rent or sell any Personal Information it collects to any third party for third party marketing or solicitation purposes. AHM may, in its sole discretion, share with third parties information that is not associated with your name or identity, such as website usage information, non-personally identifiable demographic information, and aggregate user statistics. AHM may share Personal Information with third parties as described at the time you provide the information and under the following circumstances:
Third Party Company. When you allow and direct AHM to share your Personal Information with third-party company sites or platforms, such as social networking sites. Please note that once we share your Personal Information with such company, the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company's privacy practices.
Affiliates. AHM may share information with its affiliates when they require that information in order to provide services to you on our behalf or when they require that information to provide services to us. In addition, AHM may share information with its affiliates in order to coordinate its activities and services and to understand and take advantage of market opportunities. If we disclose your Personal Information to our affiliates, we require our affiliates to maintain administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers. AHM may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers when it is necessary for those third parties to provide services to you on AHM's behalf or when they require that information to provide services to us. We require third-party service providers to maintain administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers. AHM may disclose Personal Information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition or reorganization or in connection with due diligence for a possible transaction.
Marketing. AHM may transfer your Personal Information to or share it with a business partner for future marketing, development of new products, or customer service, etc.
Legal and Safety Obligations. Under certain circumstances, AHM may be required to disclose information if (i) required to do so by law, search warrant, subpoena, court order or other legal process, (ii) requested by law enforcement or other government authorities, or (iii) AHM believes such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of AHM and it's websites, visitors to the websites and clients of our services.
Children's Privacy
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or anyone else. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), AHM does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and AHM does not target its website to children under 13 years of age.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites not under the control of or maintained by AHM. AHM is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that other new site.
Testimonials
AHM posts customer testimonials on its website which may contain Personal Information. AHM has obtained the consent of all such clients prior to posting the testimonial containing their Personal Information.
Policy Changes
Our continued commitment to protecting the privacy of your Personal Information may result in periodic changes to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, AHM reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time and will notify users of our website by updating the Privacy Policy and effective date on this page.
Contact Us
If at any time you wish to contact AHM with any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or data use, or should you no longer wish to receive information from AHM, please contact us:
By Mail:
Commercial Electronic Messages - Opting Out
You may change your communication preferences at the time you provide your Personal Information to us or by using one of the methods to contact us noted in the "Contact Us" section above stating that you no longer wish to receive promotional materials from us. You may also unsubscribe from our commercial electronic messages by using the unsubscribe function in our message. To ensure proper updating of account information, users with more than one e-mail address should submit the unsubscribe request for each separate e-mail address.
Browser Do Not Track Signals
AHM currently does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. We do, however, offer our customers choices to manage their preferences that are provided in the sections mentioned above. To learn more about browser tracking signals and Do Not Track please visit  http://www.allaboutdnt.org .
Effective date
