Privacy Statement
Your privacy is of the utmost importance to the Mises Institute. For this reason the Mises Institute makes every effort to protect all information collected from mises.org. At no time is information collected shared with third parties. We value your privacy and are committed to safeguarding it. This Privacy Policy describes the policies of the Mises Institute regarding the collection, use, and protection of information provided through:
Email communications: inquiries submitted via email
Subscription requests: requests to receive one or more of our printed or digital publications (vendors are MailChimp , Modern Postcard , and Salesforce ).
Academy registration: information provided when registering to take an online course (vendor is Salesforce ).
Event registration: information provided when registering to attend an offered event (vendors are Salesforce and iATS Payments ).
Donations and Gifts: information provided when making a gift (vendors are Salesforce and iATS Payments ).
Bookstore: information provided when ordering books and merchandise from from the Mises Bookstore (vendors are AbleCommerce , Authorize.net , Ship Station )
The Mises Institute's website, mises.org, does not require registration or membership to access and use the information found therein. The website offers free, anonymous access to everyone without the need to login or go through a sign-in process.
Right to Information
Under the law of some countries, you may have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information. You may also have the right to correct, delete, or restrict processing of your personal information and to obtain the personal information you provided to us in a specified format.
These rights may be limited in certain circumstances, if your request would reveal personal information about another person.
Information Collection and Use
We employ third party services for website analytics: Google Analytics, Clicky, and Alexa.
All information you disclose in article comments becomes publication information. You should be mindful of what you choose to disclose publicly (Vendor is Disqus ).
Storing and Securing Your Personal Data and Information
We take all reasonable measures to:
Protect your personal data and information, and to protect our website from unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, information we possess.
Ensure that we are in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GFPR) regardless of where your personal data may be stored and processed.
The Mises Institute reserves the right to change this policy at any time without prior written notification. The Privacy Policy listed here will always be the active policy of the Mises Institute.
To exercise any of these rights or if you have any related questions, suggestions, or complaints, you can contact the Mises Institute's data protection officer listed below:
Data Protection Officer
Mises Institute is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Contributions are tax-deductible to the full extent the law allows. Tax ID# 52-1263436
