The SkillSurvey System
SkillSurvey provides a web-based service that enables people who have worked with an individual to provide confidential feedback on the individual’s competencies for a specific job. Additionally, SkillSurvey provides services related to physician credentialing for healthcare providers.
Organizations and individuals (Subscribers) use the service to send emails or text messages to the job candidate and the candidate’s references. The reference email or text contains a link to a web-based survey, which the reference then completes and submits electronically.
Candidate reports are either generated automatically or monitored and finalized by customer personnel (such as HR staff, recruiters, hiring managers, etc.).
 
General Security Policy
Your privacy is our top concern. We work hard to earn and keep your trust, so we adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy:
We will only receive the minimum personal information required to successfully complete the SkillSurvey reference checking process for our Subscribers
We will never rent or sell the personally identifiable information of any user of our system (e.g. recruiter, candidate, reference, etc.) to third parties for their own marketing purposes
Any sensitive information that you provide will be secured with industry standard protocols and technology
 
Information Collection
SkillSurvey does not collect personally identifying information from visitors to our website or service unless specifically provided by our customers, their employees or representatives, their job or credentialing candidates, or the candidate’s references. Personally identifiable information includes name, email address, mobile telephone number, and other data elements requested by our customers or required to perform the SkillSurvey services.
For Candidate Reference Services
We receive personally identifiable information about you and your references in order to perform the SkillSurvey reference checking process for our customers.
SkillSurvey may receive background/demographic information, on a voluntary or optional basis, from job candidates. This information will not be associated with the candidate’s name, email address, or any other personally identifying information. This information will not be shared with a prospective employer. It will be used by SkillSurvey solely to monitor compliance with U.S. federal statutes and for other research purposes.
For Physician Credentialing Services
We receive personally identifiable information from physicians on behalf of certain healthcare providers for the provider’s use in the credentialing process. The information includes name, contact information, education, work and training history, references as well as other information customarily collected as part of a physician credentialing process.
For All Visitors
SkillSurvey collects IP addresses for system administration and record keeping. Your IP address is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the World Wide Web. Our servers record incoming IP addresses. The IP addresses are analyzed only for the purposes of fraud detection and service performance. (Think of an IP address like your zip code; it tells us in general terms where you’re from.)
SkillSurvey uses “cookies,” which are small pieces of information stored by your browser or other application on your computer’s browser or hard drive. We use cookies to remember certain information about visitors during their visit and may store information about your activity on the SkillSurvey application both within the same website visit and from one visit to the next. We may use cookies to recognize you and show you content on other websites based on your visits to the SkillSurvey application. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies or how to disable cookies altogether. If you reject cookies, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or see content tailored to you. Please note that SkillSurvey does not control and do not guarantee the effectiveness of browser-based tools for managing cookies.
SkillSurvey uses Google Analytics web analytics service offered by Google to track and report website traffic. Google Analytics may leave cookies after each session. To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites .
 
Information Use
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, SkillSurvey does not provide or sell any of this information to third parties and will not disclose or use your personally identifiable information except to:
Provide customer support in successfully completing the SkillSurvey reference checking process
Perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics
Measure traffic and traffic trends at this site
Share with our trusted partners in connection with co-promotion of the SkillSurvey application and similar products and services
Support and provide the products and services provided by SkillSurvey
Monitor compliance with applicable laws
We may provide non-identifying aggregated data about the usage of our service to third-parties for such purposes as we deem, in our sole discretion, to be appropriate. We may segment our users by role (i.e. product managers, vice presidents), industry, geographic location, company. If you would like to be excluded from the aggregated research, please email customer service. We may also associate non-identifying information, such as IP address, with identifying information for purposes of fraud detection.
For physicians participating in a credentialing process with a healthcare provider, we will disclose information as requested by the provider, such as to peer references.
It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on our company or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
 
Communications & Opt-Out
 
Children’s Privacy
 
California Residents
 
Do Not Track Disclosure
 
Access, Correction, & Deletion
You have the right to access or correct your personal information, and can make this request by contacting the relevant SkillSurvey subscriber. That may be a recruiter or company with which you applied for a job, or a candidate who sent you a request for feedback. In addition, you may request that the Subscriber delete or restrict access to your personal data. We or the Subscriber may need to retain it for legally permitted purposes and this will be explained to you if necessary.
 
Retention of Personal Information
 
Visitors from Outside the United States—Cross-Border Transfer
 
Right to Lodge Complaints
 
Website Security
Special attention is appropriately given to website security and the overall security of all data storage, processing, and transmission systems. This website, and its use as a data conduit, is protected by:
Firewalls with stateful packet inspection
Use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to protect data in motion
Use of encryption to protect data at rest
Regular vulnerability scanning to identify new threats
24x7 monitoring and intrusion detection
 
Further Information and Corporate Address
If you have any questions about the privacy statement and other policies outlined above, the practices of this site, or any other aspect of SkillSurvey, Inc., please contact:
SkillSurvey, Inc.
Corporate Headquarters
 
 
 
 
