Last Updated on June. 7, 2018
This privacy  statement applies to   www.chinahighlights.com ,  owned and operated by China Highlights International Travel Service Co. Ltd  ("China Highlights"). This privacy statement describes how China  Highlights collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website.  It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your  personal information and how you can access and update this information.
We are General  Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliant.
1. Collection of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, nationality, phone number, zip code
Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number
Passport and Visa data
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. In addition, we may use website analytics tools, or other technologies, like cookies and web beacons, to collect information about your visit to the Sites, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with the Sites and services. We do not link this automatically  collected data to other information we collect about you.
1.1 Widgets
Our website  includes widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site, to  provide specific services from another company (e.g. send free e-cards, watch  videos, etc). Personal information, such as your email address, may be  collected through the widget. Cookies may also be set by the widget to enable  it to function properly. Information collected by this Widget is governed by  the privacy policy of the company that created it.
1.2 Public Forums, Profiles,  and Reviews
Our website  offers public community forums like travel stories and reviews sharing. You  should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read,  collected, and used by others who access them. You can request the removal of  your personal information from our blog or community forum, by contacting us at  service@chinahighlights.com.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove  your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable  to do so and why.
The profile  you create on our site will be publically accessible unless otherwise  indicated.  You may change the privacy settings of your profile through  your account. If you think that an unauthorized profile has been created about  you, please contact us at service@chinahighlights.com to request removal.
1.3 Social Media
You can link  to our site using social networking services such as Facebook, Twitter,  TripAdvisor, Lonely Planet, and Wiki. These services will authenticate your  identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with  us such as your sign-in information, name, and email address, to link between  the sites. Services like Facebook and Twitter give you the option to post  information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share  with others within your network.
1.4 Referrals
Tell-A-Friend:  If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site or  send free e-cards to your friends, we will ask you for your friend’s name and  email address.  We will automatically send your friend a one-time email  inviting him or her to visit the site. China Highlights stores this information  for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of  our referral program. Your friend may contact us at service@chinahighlights.com  to request that we remove this information from our database.
With your  consent we may post your testimonials, questions and reviews along with your  name.  If you want your testimonials, questions, and reviews removed  please contact us at China Highlights, service@chinahighlights.com .
1.5 Cookies
A cookie is a  small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping  purposes. We use cookies on this site. We link the information we store in  cookies to any personal information for consistency you submit while on our  site.
We use both session  ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for  you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your  browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period  of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in  your Internet browser’s “help” file.
We use cookies  in our hotel and flights pages, order forms, and account login pages. We set a  persistent cookie to store the check in/out date selection, password, and some  information that you fill in, so you don’t have to enter it more than once.  Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our  users to enhance the experience on our site.
If you reject  cookies, you can still use our site, but you may enter the same information  many times.
1.6 Tracking Technologies and  Third Party Cookies
Technologies,  such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts, are used by China Highlights and  our partners, affiliates, and analytics or service providers.
These  technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking  users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about  our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these  technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies  for our booking forms, to remember users’ basic information (e.g. name, email),  for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual  browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your  ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
We use Google Analytics service to analyze  and evaluate website performance. Google Analytics mainly uses first-party  cookies to report on user interactions on our website. The information stored  in the local first-party cookie is reduced to an anonymous or a random  identifier (e.g., 12345.67890). The data generated by Google Analytics is  transmitted to a Google data center in USA. See more about how Google deals  with data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
1.7 Flash LSOs
We use local  storage objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 and Flash to store content information and  preferences, etc. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain  features on our site, or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing  activity, use LSOs such as HTML5 and Flash to collect and store information.
Various  browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To  manage Flash LSOs please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html .
1.8 Behavioral Targeting
We may partner  with a third party to either display advertising on our website, or to manage  our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies,  such as cookies, to gather information about your activities on this site and  other sites, in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing  activities and interests. Please note: disabling cookies or LSOs may not opt  you out of being served ads.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
2. Purposes for Collecting Personal Information
China Highlights collects, stores or  processes personal data for the purpose of doing business. Our website is  available to all users without personal data being collected. Personal data  will only be requested, processed and used to the extent that it is necessary  to provide services requested by you, such as:
Responding  to customer service and offer requests
Administering  your account
Improving  our website and marketing efforts
To  obtain airline tickets and hotel bookings, and to apply for travel permits in  certain regions of China (Tibet, Hong Kong, and Macau)
To  design a fabulous trip to best suit your interests
To  send our newsletters to you
To  reach you with relevant promotions on social media
2.1 Use of Your Personal Information
We deal with personal data according to  data protection regulations.
We also endeavor to provide all necessary  technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data  against unauthorized access and misuse at any time.
As far as we store or process personal  data, this is done within a high security data center. To protect the security  of your data during transmission, we use encryption techniques (such as SSL)  over HTTPS. Our servers are secured by firewall and virus protection. Our  employees are obliged to observe the relevant regulations when dealing with  data.
Moreover, your information will not be used  by third-party organizations or companies, except where necessary to provide  our services or observe legal requirements (see Information Sharing below).
2.2 Use of Information  Obtained from Third Parties
If you provide  us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we  will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was  provided to us.
2.3 Information Sharing
We will share  your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are  described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information  to third parties.
We may provide  your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with  our business activities, such as shipping your order or offering customer  service or booking air tickets. These companies are authorized to use your personal  information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also  disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a  subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in good faith that  disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the  safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If China  Highlights is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of  its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website  of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any  choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third  party with your prior consent to do so.
3. Retention/Alteration of  Personal Information
We may retain  personal information indefinitely, and will routinely do so for as long as your  account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will also retain and  use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve  disputes, and enforce our agreements.
3.1 Requests for Personal  Information Deletion
You may also  request that all your personal data be deleted, and we will do so where  sufficient grounds exist. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we  no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at  service@chinahighlights.com.
3.2 Requests for Personal  Data Copies
You may  contact us at any time for a portable copy of any personal data collected on  yourself.
3.3 Changing Your Personal  Information
To review and  update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, you may contact us  directly at service@chinahighlights.com . We will respond to  your request within a reasonable timeframe.
3.4 Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose  to stop receiving our newsletters by the unsubscribe instructions contained in  the each newsletter that we sent, or go to our newsletter page on our website,  logging into your account and updating your selections or you can contact us at  China Highlights, service@chinahighlights.com.
We also allow  you to create an account, and share information such as messages, questions,  comments, & travel experience with others.
4. Security
The security  of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive  information (such as credit card numbers) on our website, we encrypt the  transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow  generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information  submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of  transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%  secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Where required  we will report any data breaches that affect user privacy within 72 hours by  email, or prominent website notification.
If you have  any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at China  Highlights, service@chinahighlights.com .
5. Notification of Privacy  Statement Changes
We may update  this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we  make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail  address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior  to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this  page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
6. Our Contact Information
You can  contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address  below:
China Highlights, Building 6, Chuangyi Business  Park, 70 Qilidian Road, Guilin, China 541004
7. Links to Other Web Sites
