Privacy Policy - ConcreteNetwork.com
At ConcreteNetwork.com we’re committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors and clients. Read on to find out how we collect and use your personal information and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to contact us about another matter, please use the following contact information:
Phone: 866-380-7754
How we collect your personal data
This Privacy Policy applies to personal data collected by ConcreteNetwork.com in the following ways:
When you provide your contact details to us when requesting information about our products or services either via the telephone, our online forms or face-to-face.
When you sign up to receive our free email newsletters or printed publications.
When you join our contractor directory for job leads.
When you join or products directory to sell your products online.
When you submit images or content via our submission forms.
When you request a quote from a contractor in our directory.
When you request product information from a manufacturer in our directory.
The types of personal data we may collect
Full name
Image or video file submissions
Our services are not directed at children and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 16. We do not collect any special categories of personal data, as defined under the GDPR.
How we use your personal data
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Purpose
Lawful basis for processing
To fulfill a query, request for services and/or to administer our services
For the performance of a contract or agreement
To maintain records of prospective, current and past contractors, suppliers or other clients
Our Legitimate Interests, which we have balanced with the interests of our contractors, suppliers or other clients
To track your use of our websites and interaction with our newsletters. For example, to understand which newsletter content is most popular with our email audience. (Please also see our Cookie Policy ).
Our Legitimate Interests, which we have balanced with the interests of our contractors, suppliers or other clients
To send email newsletters to you, if you have signed up via ConcreteNetwork.com
Your consent
About our email newsletters
At ConcreteNetwork.com our email newsletters are permission-based. Our newsletters are sent via Constant Contact, an email marketing platform that also stores your information. You can unsubscribe at any point by clicking on the unsubscribe link on any email you receive from us. Alternatively, you can unsubscribe by emailing sarah@concretenetwork.com .
Your rights concerning your personal data
You have the right to access, rectify or erase any personal data we may hold. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, or are concerned about the manner in which we have collected and used your personal data, please contact us using this information:
Phone: 866-380-7754
If you are unhappy with how we have handled your personal data you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Where and how long we store your personal data
We store and process your personal data at our offices in Calimesa, California and at other sites in the United States. Rest assured that we always store personal data in a secure environment to prevent unauthorized access.
We will only store personal data for as long as is necessary. How long we keep data will vary according to the purposes it is used for. We routinely clean our email newsletter list to remove those who are not engaged.
How we keep your personal data secure
ConcreteNetwork.com takes the protection of your personal data seriously. ConcreteNetwork.com may use external data service providers to process personal data on our behalf. When doing so we have agreements in place to protect the data. Any data transfers to external service providers are conducted by secure means. Feel free to contact us if you’d like to know which service providers we are currently working with.
Sharing of your personal data
We will not share, sell or rent your information with third parties to use for marketing purposes without your explicit consent. If required by law, we may release your personal data.
Log files
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's browser type, referring page, and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Review our Cookie Policy .
External links
Please be aware that if you use a link to go from our website to another website, or you request a service from a third party, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply. Your browsing and interaction on any other website is subject to that website’s rules and policies.
Updates to this Policy
We keep our Privacy Policy updated to take account of changes to our processing or new regulations. We encourage you to review it periodically. If we make any important changes to this Policy, we will communicate this to you where possible.
Last updated: June 2018
About Us Contact us and view our privacy policy, terms & conditions, and press room
