General Overview
This policy describes the types of information that Qumpus, Inc. d/b/a Better World Books, LLC ("Better World Books", "we" or "us") may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit www.betterworldbooks.com, betterworldbooks.co.uk and any other website owned or operated by us or our subsidiaries (each a "Site," and collectively, our "Sites"), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect on or through our Sites and from electronic messages between you and our Sites. This policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including through any other website operated by Better World Books or any third party.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information. By accessing or using our Sites, you agree to this policy. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Sites.
1. Types of Information We Collect About You
Purchase of Products and Services. We collect personal information to facilitate delivery of products and services to our customers, including first and last name, billing address, shipping address, email, telephone number, username and password. In order to complete the purchase of a product, an on-line credit card transaction may be required. During this process we collect first and last name of the credit card owner, credit card billing address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, card verification value ("CVV"), shipping address, phone number, and email address.
Program Registration. We may require all users of our Sites who wish to participate in our programs to complete a web submission form through which you will provide first name, last name, zip code, telephone number, email address, city, state and postal code.
Feedback. Better World Books may collect and use your name, email address, phone number and any other information you provide in any correspondence from you to Better World Books to follow up with you regarding your feedback.
We also collect information that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Sites and usage details, including without limitation, the following:
IP Addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. When you request web pages from the Sites, our computers collect and log your IP address. 
 
2. How We Collect Your Information
We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Sites and for certain purposes, including but not limited to those described below:
Registration. You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide certain personal information.
Order Forms. You may be asked to choose a user ID and password when ordering our products or to participate in a program or a service feature (including, without limitation, our Blog) offered on or through the Sites. If you buy any products or services offered on our Sites, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact, billing and shipping information. We will use this information to complete your order, to facilitate delivery of the product(s) or service(s) that you order, and to invoice you. Credit card numbers and other billing information are securely transmitted to payment processor(s) through encrypted means for your protection.
Newsletters and Site Emails. We may collect information from you when you subscribe to our free newsletters.
Contests or Sweepstakes. We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Sites. If you register for a contest or a sweepstake, you will be required to provide certain personal information, which will be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes. We may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Sites, such as on a winner’s page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. Except as required by applicable law, we will not disclose your information without your permission.
Surveys or Voting. From time-to-time we may request personal information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary, and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey.
 
3. How We Use Your Information
We use your information to fulfill orders placed on the Sites, to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Sites's content and layout. We believe these uses allow us to improve our Sites and provide better service to our users.
We occasionally may use your email address, and in rare situations, mailing address or phone number, to contact you regarding administrative or billing matters.
We may also use your information to resolve disputes.
 
4. Disclosure of Your Information
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is important to us, and therefore, we do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Better World Books may share your personal information with the following:
Third party providers of products and services you order: If you buy a product on the Sites that is fulfilled by a third party, we share your personal information with that third party for the purpose of fulfilling your order. Examples of this include, but may not be limited to, marketplace orders (orders of books listed on the Sites and fulfilled by independent booksellers) and new book orders (which may be fulfilled directly by a wholesaler).
Other entities owned by Better World Books: We manage or may manage in the future other web sites owned by Better World Books. We may share your personal information within Better World Books and/or its affiliated entities (if any) in order to provide you a better experience on all of our web sites.
Service providers, subcontractors and agents who perform services on our behalf: We provide personal information to third party service providers, subcontractors, and agents that work under contract on our behalf to provide certain services. These third parties do not have the right to use the personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by us. They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information.
Credit Card Companies: Credit card transactions are handled by third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors who receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions.
Protection of Better World Books and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Better World Books, our users, or other third parties. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. However, this disclosure does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personal information for commercial purposes.
 
5. Email from Better World Books
 
6. Communications with Others
The Sites may allow you to contribute to one or more blogs or communicate by means of online functions; provided, that you supply your name and email address. Better World Books is not responsible for the privacy or security of any information, personal or otherwise, that you may choose to communicate or exchange using the functionality of the Sites.
 
7. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
 
8. Limitation of Liability
 
9. Notification of Changes and Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
 
10. Data Security
 
11. Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
 
12. Whom Do I Contact with Questions or Concerns about this Privacy Policy?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Sites, or your dealings with our Sites, please contact Better World Books by sending a letter to:
Better World Books
55740 Currant Road
Mishawaka, IN 46545
 
For your reference you can find the previous version of our privacy policy here .
Refine Your Search
Language
