Protecting your privacy
This privacy policy lets you know how we collect, use, and protect your personal information. When you visit the website and utilize www.builderall.com you accept and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. In particular, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy.
The builderall System and Platform is owned by US company E-Business4us Inc. located in Orlando, FL.
Use by minors
We do not provide services or sell products or services to minors, or individuals under the age of 18. Persons under 18 years of age may use this website only with a legal guardian or consent of their parents, or by providing legal documentation of their emancipation. Persons under 18 years of age, should not put their personal information in any field or place it anywhere on this website.
This policy is a part of the Terms and Conditions of Use
This privacy policy is a part of and subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use of this website. You can read these terms in their entirety on the Terms and Conditions of Use page.
What kind of information we collect
As with most websites on the Internet, simply by visiting this website you are giving us some information, including your IP address, the website you visited prior to visiting us, the site you visit when you leave our site, the operating system on your computer, and the browser you used to access our page. Our website automatically saves this basic information about your non-identifying information.
In addition, as most websites do, we may also use cookies. This means that information is transferred from our server to your computer. This information can be used to track your movements and pages visited on our website. Cookies can also be used to customize our content for you. If you use any typical web browser you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and restrict access to your computer in your browser settings.
We may also collect and store all the data you provide to us by entering into the forms on our website or by e-mail provided by you in the course of the registration process, such as your name and your email.
Some transactions between you and the website may involve credit cards, debit cards, money orders, and/or third-party payment services. In such transactions, we collect and save information regarding our business relationship with you, including your address, telephone number, and other necessary information. WE DO NOT COLLECT, KEEP or HAVE ACCESS TO ANY INFORMATION OF YOUR CREDIT OR DEBIT CARD.
What we do with your information
We use your information for activities necessary to the continuous functionality of the website. For example, you may use your information to contact you about changes on the site, new products and services, promotions, conflict resolution, problem solving, and enforcement of the terms and conditions.
As a general rule, we do not give your information to third parties without your expressed consent. However, there are some important exceptions to this rule described in the following paragraphs.
We may, at our discretion, provide your information to law enforcement or any government officials in the case of fraud investigations, intellectual property infringement, any other illegal activity suspected, or matters that may legally compel us.
Some government intelligence agencies have the technical capacity to access the data on our website without our consent, knowledge, and cooperation. And even if we had knowledge of these intrusions, we do not possess the authority to inform you if pertaining to national security laws. Please keep these risks in mind before providing any information to us or to any other website.
Although we do not disclose any personal identifying information, we may disclose information associated with data about site visitors to advertisers or other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes.
From time to time, we may use third party suppliers to provide services on our website. If a supplier has to collect your information, you will be notified. You will never be forced to give any information to a third party provider against your will. We restrict the ways outsourced companies use your information in order to protect your privacy. They are not allowed to sell or give your information to others.
If we sell this website, we may transfer your information to buyers after the sale is completed. We will not keep your data in our possession.
Accessing your personal information
If you wish to access your personal data that was provided on the enrollment (name and email address) to edit or correct, you may have the right to do so. It is available on the dashboard.
DO NOT FOLLOW
We try to honor all notices sent by your browser when you visit the builderall website. However, be sure to read the following important information about "interest-based advertising", "remarketing", and "dynamic ads" so you can understand what third party suppliers can do and how you can opt for these scans
Interest-Based Advertising
When you visit our website you may see some advertisements published by us to companies like Google, Bing, Yahoo or other similar entities. When you click on these advertisements companies may collect information about your visit to these websites and use that information to show you compatible or comparable products with which you have expressed an interest.
Our website does not collect or control the advertising and content you see.
To learn more about Google's privacy policies and its DART cookies which generate interest-based advertising, go to www.google.com/privacy/ads/~~V.
Protecting your choices
If you are using Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, or Google Chrome, you might want to install the extension "protect my choices" on the browser that are using to help keep your opt-out choices.
To learn more, go to www.aboutads.info/PMC.
Remarketing
This site may use a remarketing tag to advertise online. This means that Google and other third party suppliers can show our ads on the Internet. These third-party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads to you based on your previous visits. If you prefer that Google does not use cookies, you should visit "Ad Manager Preferences" at this address www.google.com/ads/~~number=.
Alternatively, you can also opt out of the use of third party cookies by going to the opt out page at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Dynamic Advertising
Our website may use dynamic features of Google ads. To opt for these ads, follow the instructions on www.support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en.
If you use any of these sites without opting-out it means that you understand and consent to the collection of information for advertising based on your interests.
Usernames and Passwords
Your access to some parts of our site is protected by a username and password. Do not share your password with anyone. If you enter areas of the site that are password protected please be sure to log out when you leave. As a safety precaution, you should also completely close the browser and reopen it before moving on to other areas on the Internet.
Commercial information and unsolicited emails
If you come across personally identifiable information to another user of our website, you are not authorized to transmit this information to third parties without the consent of the party in question and ours.
We repudiate any unsolicited emails (spam). Information collected on our site, about us or any of our users, is not authorized to be disclosed by you or any other person or sent unsolicited emails or other media to.
Volunteer Information - Non-disclosure to suppliers
You may not want to leave your personal information open to visitors on your website or third parties who are not our suppliers. Please be very cautious if you do. These third parties have their own privacy policies and behavior that will determine what happens to your information from that point.
Autoresponders
We can use autoresponder emails to communicate with you. To protect your privacy, we use a verification system in opt-in to these communications. You always have the option not to receive these communications by clicking the opt-out link in each message. If you have difficulty opting out, you must send an email to [email protected]
Policy Changes
The terms of this privacy policy may change over time. If any change is made, we will notify you via a public notice on our website. If you disagree with the changes, please contact us. Any changes made to this policy do not apply to information collected before the changes.
It is wise to visit this page and review our privacy policy periodically as you utilize our website.
EU-US and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
builderall complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.
builderall has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
builderall is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Among other things, the Privacy Shield Principles describe our obligations with respect to personal information that we transfer to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. builderall remains responsible and liable as provided in the Principles if the third party processes the personal information in a manner that is not consistent with the principles, unless builderall proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If we transfer your personal information to third parties, we will remain responsible and liable to you if the third party processes your personal information in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove we were not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles, builderall commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information free of charge. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact builderall at:
Orlando, FL 32809
builderall has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to the Panel established by the EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, as applicable, and comply with the advice given by the Panel and/or Commissioner with regard to data transferred from the EU and/or Switzerland, as applicable.    If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, please contact the Panel (http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm) and/or Commissioner (https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/org/00926/index.html?lang=en), as applicable, for more information or to file a complaint.  This service is provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, you may also have the right to invoke binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel to be created by the US Department of Commerce and the European Commission or Swiss Government. For more information on when binding arbitration may be invoked, refer to Section C of Annex I to the Principles (https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction).
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
​​​​​​​
PRIVACY POLICY.
Builderall is a registered trademark owned by the American Company e-Business4us Inc. All elements, images and contents of this site are protected by article 11.196 / 2005 of the Intellectual Property and Copyright (2016) laws.
The Builderall Platform In Brazil can only be acquired and marketed through the Official Network of Franchisees.
E-Business4us, Inc.
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​6220 ​​​​​​​S Orange Blossom Trl, St 505
Orlando - FL 32809, USA​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
