Next Day / 2 Day Shipping Available
Menu
 
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how BraceAbility collects and processes the information provided when using our website.
Before submitting information to our website, please review this Privacy Policy carefully. By using or accessing our website, you accept the practices and guidelines described in this Privacy Policy. If you wish not to have us process or collect your information, please do not provide it through the website.
We do not knowingly collect any information from minors under 18 without prior verifiable parental consent. If BraceAbility learns that a minor has submitted personal information without parental consent, we will take all reasonable measures to remove the information as soon as possible. If you believe a minor under the age of 18 has submitted personal information to us, please contact us here.
Order Options
When you make an online purchase at BraceAbility, your credit card information is safe on our encrypted servers. However, we also accept orders via phone, fax, or regular mail.
Phone orders call: (866) 712-7808
Mail orders to: BraceAbility, Inc. 115 East 2nd St., Cedar Falls, Iowa 50613
We encourage you to place orders however you'd like.
Call (866) 712-7808 or Contact Us if you have questions about credit card security or placing an order.
Online Identification Resources
BraceAbility respects your privacy and recognizes your right to protection of all personal information you share with us, including your name, address, email address, telephone number, etc. You are welcome to visit BraceAbility anonymously if you wish.
Like other website providers, your internet address (IP address: the address of your computer) is logged to help us learn which parts of the website you visit and how long you spend on individual pages. BraceAbility does not link your IP address to any personally identifiable information. Your browser automatically informs us of its name and version number; again, however, no personal information is gathered. Our log files help us administer the site by keeping track of referring URL pages and access times.
Like most commercial websites, BraceAbility uses cookies so we can better serve you with tailored information when you return. Cookies are small text identifiers sent to your computer to facilitate subsequent visits. Most browsers let you define preferences to notify you when you are sent cookies and let you decide whether to accept or reject them. Virtually all browsers let you remove cookies from your computer. Cookies cannot retrieve information from your computer, spread viruses, or capture your email address. BraceAbility uses the information collected with cookies to track site use and improve our service to you and other visitors. Again, BraceAbility does not use cookies to gather personal information about you.
Tags and pixels are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the website.
We are using the Pinterest tag, a conversion tracking pixel, to help us optimize your user experience on Pinterest.
We are using the Facebook Pixel, a conversion tracking pixel, to help us optimize your user experience on Facebook.
We are using the Google Analytics tracking pixel and advanced eCommerce tracking, to help us optimize your experience on Google Websites.
Information Our Site Collects
We collect the following information, including:
Personal information provided to us: Personal information is information that can identify you, such as your name, address and telephone number. We use databases to house your information and may retain it as reasonably required to service you, operate our website, and comply with laws. Please note providing us your information is optional and is always your choice. Therefore, if you choose not to provide us with necessary information, you may not be able to take advantage of our service.
Information collected automatically: When you visit our website, we may automatically collect online identifier information, such as your browser, operating system and device information, TCP-IP address and details of your time on our website, including specific pages accessed. See Online Identification Resources section above for more information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Except as specified in this Privacy Policy, BraceAbility does not rent, sell, or release your personal information to third parties without your prior consent. Uses of this information include:
Process payments in connection with orders
Fulfill orders requested by the customer
Send information to customers concerning orders placed
Promote products to customers through marketing
Provide any updates to customers on administrative documents (i.e. Privacy Policy, etc.)
Comply with requests of law enforcement or other regulators
Third-Party Service Providers
BraceAbility contracts other companies to perform functions on our behalf, such as processing credit card payments, order fulfillment, delivering packages, sending mail, providing search results, and marketing products. These third-party providers have access to only the personal information that is necessary to perform the function that is contracted.
We do, however, share aggregated statistical information with our partners regarding sales statistics. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Online Advertising
We may use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s educational page . You can manage third party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the Internet or at the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal. We do not guarantee that all of the third parties we work with will honor the elections you make using those options, but we strive to work with third parties that do.
We use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here . We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use our website. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here . You can learn more about opting-out of Google Analytics here .
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us achieve the uses mentioned above.
Modifying or Deleting Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate that user's personally identifiable information provided to us. This can usually be done at the Your Account page or by using our Support feature on our Contact Us page .
Uses of Information for Marketing
If you supply BraceAbility your email address while ordering a product(s), you may be contacted via email regarding your order(s); we do not, however, share customer or visitor email addresses with other organizations.
On rare occasions, it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement. For instance, if our service is suspended for maintenance we might send you an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.
BraceAbility collects personal information voluntarily supplied by you when you order products, enter contests, or complete surveys. BraceAbility clearly informs you in advance and explains how this personal information is to be used. You have a right not to provide this information. If you choose not to provide such information, you are still welcome to visit BraceAbility, but may be unable to participate in certain options, offers, and services. For our promotional content and newsletter, you can always unsubscribe by selecting the "remove me" link located in the footer of every promotional mailing and/or newsletter.
Third Party Features
Parts of the website may include social media buttons, such as the Facebook "Like" button or the "Share This" button. These features may collect and display your information, your IP address and the page you are visiting on the website and may set a cookie to allow the feature to function properly.
These features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website and your use of them is governed by the privacy policy of the third party that provides the feature. Please refer to the privacy policy on the related third party’s website for questions.
Blogs and Reviews
The website offers publicly-accessible blogs and customer reviews. Any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who view them. To request removal of your information from blogs or reviews, please contact us here. Note that in some cases, this information may be removable by the user.
Security of Personal Information
BraceAbility takes all appropriate and reasonable steps to protect all information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. Of course, when entering sensitive information on the website we use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) to encrypt the transmission of your information. As you enter personal information (such as your password or address and phone number), SSL encodes it so that it is available only to you and the customer service representatives who will help make sure your order processes smoothly.
An SSL-protected page can be identified by the picture of a closed lock at the bottom or top of the web browser. Also, if you check the URL of the page, SSL-encrypted pages have URLs that start with “https://” instead of “http://”. Please understand that it is possible for third parties to access information despite our security efforts. You are fully responsible for taking precautions best suited for you and your use of our website.
Retention of Information
BraceAbility retains personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes previously outlined in this Privacy Policy. Note that some regulations and laws require retention periods for personal information exceeding the retention periods for these other business uses of the information.
Using Information for Other Purposes
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.
However, if you have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated your account, then you will not be contacted. Nor will your personal information be used in this new manner.
In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice, we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our business. When we post modifications to this Privacy Policy, we will change the "Last Updated" date at the top of this policy. The modified Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon posting on our website. Your continued use of the website after the posting of the modified Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement to abide by the modified policy. If you have any objections to the modifications made, please stop using the website. We encourage routine review of the Privacy Policy for the most recent updates on our practices.
BraceAbility’s Commitment to Privacy
BraceAbility is committed to the principle of individual privacy and is actively involved in and supports industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the Internet. Personal data privacy is a new and rapidly changing area, and BraceAbility is evolving to meet these demands. Please Contact Us with any questions or comments regarding this policy.
Visitors Outside the US
Our website is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the website from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and US laws. By using the website, you consent to transfer of your information as previously described.
EU Resident Personal Data Rights
Under certain circumstances, EU residents may have rights under data protection laws in relation to personal data outlined below:
Request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we maintain about you within a reasonable time period.
Request modification/erasure of your personal data. This enables you to delete, remove, or modify personal data if information changes or if you find it unnecessary for us to maintain such data. Note that we may not always be able to comply with your request for erasure for specific legal reasons that will be communicated with you if unable.
Withdraw consent for processing of personal data at any time. If you withdraw consent, we may be unable to provide products or services to you.
Modify processing of your personal data. This enables you to object to processing for fundamental freedom rights, request restriction for processing of your data, or transfer your personal data to a third-party.
For more information on our compliance with the European Union Data Protection Directive, click here .
Safety & Security Tips
Providing you with safe and secure shopping at BraceAbility is very important to us. To that end, we have taken extensive precautions to maintain security at our site. Even with these precautions, however, it is important for you to be aware of how to protect your information.
Follow these guidelines to ensure that your information is safe and secure at BraceAbility and in all the shopping you do online:
Securing Passwords
Always sign out when using a public computer
Do not select "Remember My Password" when using a public computer
Create secure passwords - use a combination of letters, numbers, and symbols
Do not use personal information or common words
As a rule of thumb, make your passwords at least 8 characters long and change them frequently
Do not reuse passwords
Take Caution - Emails & Telephone Calls from BraceAbility
Do not respond to unsolicited emails from BraceAbility. We will not ask you to provide personal information unless you have entered our address into your browser and you are submitting an order, contacting us directly, or updating your account at BraceAbility.
We will not make unsolicited phone calls to you. Do not give a caller your account information or credit card number.
Information
Copyright 2018 - BraceAbility
The advice and information contained in this website is not intended as a substitute for medical counseling.
If you have any questions about treatment for a specific condition, please check with a health care professional.
Customer Service
Customer Support
Our customer support team is available Monday - Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Central time.
Give Us a Call
Send Us an Email
Use our contact form to submit an email to customer support team. Click the “Support” icon on the bottom right of any page on our website. We typically respond within one business day (or faster).
Holidays
BraceAbility.com is closed on the following United States holidays. This may affect your shipping time and they will be accounted for in the estimated ship date listed on each product page.
New Year's Day
