Privacy Policy
Dana-Farber Website Privacy Statement
At Dana-Farber, we place the highest priority on privacy and understand that health is a very personal, private subject. We ensure all reasonable efforts are taken to protect the privacy and security of your information.
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect, how it is used, and what your choices are.
Confidentiality
A user may collect information about Dana-Farber or use our website without disclosing personal, identifying information. We will not obtain such information about you unless you choose to submit it to us. If you supply personal, identifying information (such as name, address, telephone numbers or email address) for various purposes on this site or via other sources, we only use the information for that purpose (such as to provide the service or information you have requested).
Privacy and Confidentiality of Your Health Information
The privacy and confidentiality of your health information are very important to us. It is our duty to protect these, as well as your rights regarding your health information.
Security
Dana-Farber takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When a registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive or donor information (such as credit card number and/or diagnosis), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry-SSL.
Should you electronically request a referral to a Dana-Farber physician, we will use the information you submit to arrange for care where appropriate. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off line. Our software and hardware is configured to provide maximum security.
Cookies
The Dana-Farber website uses cookies to track traffic coming to our site. We do not collect personal data such as name, age, telephone number, email, or mailing address. Cookies will also be used to identify a person who chooses to register on our site. If you choose to register on our site and are given a password, choose to give gifts online, or choose to enroll in our email subscription services, we will identify you with cookies. You will always have an opportunity to opt out at any time.
Information Collection and Use
Dana-Farber is the sole owner of personal, protected health and donor information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent personal medical information to others. Dana-Farber does not sell or rent donor information to others, but we do occasionally trade donor mailing lists with other non-profit organizations. This process saves us money and is carefully monitored and one may always opt out.
Giving to Dana-Farber
When you make a gift on our website, with a check or other physical form of payment, your email and address will be entered into our donor database. We may send you emails or mailings in the future informing you of other giving opportunities or providing news about Dana-Farber Cancer Institute or the Jimmy Fund. If you choose not to receive any further communication from us, you may opt-out by contacting the following departments:
Annual Giving/Online Gift Form
Phone: 866-JFW-HERO or 866-539-4376
Opt Out of Dana-Farber E-News
If you currently receive the E-Newsletter and would like to unsubscribe, you may do so in two ways. In an E-News email, scroll to the bottom of the message to where it guides you to "manage your preferences." Click on the "opt out" link in that section to remove yourself from the E-News email list. If you do not have a copy of the E-News, send us an unsubscribe request at JimmyFundContactUs@dfci.harvard.edu with "Opt out of E-Newsletter" as your subject. Be sure to include your name and email address.
Opt Out of Mailings
If you wish to opt out of receiving fundraising mail and/or email communications from Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and the Jimmy Fund, please call 800-525-4669 or visit JimmyFund.org/Opt-Out .
Reviewed October 2015
Stay in touch with us
Recipes, discoveries, workshops, stories of hope and triumph can be found in the pages of Spotlight, Dana-Farber’s free digital newsletters.
Newsletter Sign-up
450 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215
